
Chapter 1
Today I saved Brody Carmichael's life!
Mina penned the jubilant words into her blue spiral notebook with her favorite ballpoint pen.
She faithfully used the same pen when writing all of her entries in the hope that it would change her luck and she could write something good in her notebook-like today.
Mina stared at the words written before her in her sloppy script and felt a pang of guilt.
She started to close the notebook but paused in thought.
It didn't feel right.
It didn't seem?truthful.
With a heavy hand and a heavy heart, she added in parentheses next to her previous entry: (Today was also the day I almost KILLED Brody Carmichael).
Feeling slightly better about telling the truth, she closed her notebook, titled "Unaccomplishments and Epic Disasters," and tucked it in her dresser drawer with a sigh.
Nothing in the world ever went right for fifteen-year-old Mina.
She was always late for class, her homework usually looked as if it had spent the evening being a chew toy for a pit bull when she didn't even own a dog, her long-time crush didn't know she existed, and she frequently spilled chocolate milk on herself whenever she became nervous.
Mina was certain it was because she was the magnet for all the bad, terrible, and so-so luck that existed in the world.
So she kept a notebook hidden in her unorganized sock drawer to prove it.
All of these events had turned her into a cynic, especially since yesterday morning had started out like any other event-filled, disastrous day.
***
She dreamed she was flying.
She was much more graceful in the air than on the ground, where her feet always seemed to be tripping her up.
But her peaceful dream was interrupted by the loud banging and crashing of thunder.
She was no longer flying?but falling.
"Ouch!
What the??"
Mina cried out as she landed painfully on the mismatched oak floor of her bedroom.
She had fallen out of bed.
Struggling to untangle herself from her sheets and comforter, Mina saw a pair of feet poking out of blue Toy Story pajamas next to her head.
"Charlie, what are you doing?"
she mumbled, still wrestling with her sheets.
Charlie, a young and solemn boy of eight, pointed toward her clock, which was blinking 12:00 p.m.
In his hands, he held a pot and wooden spoon.
The power must have gone out again, which was a regular occurrence for their city block.
"What time is it?"
she asked, feeling dread build, knowing that today she was going to be late?again.
Charlie held up one hand, pinching his ring finger and thumb together to sign the number seven.
"Charlie, how could you have let me sleep in so long?
I'm going to be late!"
Charlie answered by shrugging his shoulders and banging on the pot with his wooden spoon.
She knew that it wasn't Charlie's fault; she was a very deep sleeper.
Her mother, Sara, said that she was harder to wake up than Sleeping Beauty.
In Mina's case, though, there was no Prince Charming to rescue her from her snoring, and with her horrible luck, there never would be.
Jumping up, Mina grabbed what she hoped was a clean pair of jeans from the pile of clothes that littered her floor and slid into them.
Silently she thanked her mother for never giving in to her request for skinny jeans; otherwise, her dressing time would have doubled.
Next, she shoved her feet into her favorite Converse All Stars, bending the backs in the process.
She picked up a blue zippered hoodie and gave it a cursory sniff before deeming it clean enough to wear.
She ran her fingers through her long brown hair, attempting to tame the stray locks, which were the same boring color as her eyes.
She tried to force a winning smile onto her face, but it slid into an awkward grimace.
Giving her brother a quick kiss on the head, she ran into the small and dated kitchen, and grabbed her backpack from the breakfast table.
Turning, Mina heard a rip as the backpack clung stubbornly to the back of the chair.
The chair won, and the shoulder strap ripped off the back of the bag, causing all of her books to crash to the floor in a heap.
Sighing, she threw each book back into the bag and did her best to hold it shut while she scoured the kitchen drawers for safety pins.
Sara Grime walked into the kitchen with a quizzical look on her face.
She was dressed in her work clothes, tan pants and a blue polo with a stitched outline of a feather duster and smiling mop.
Sara worked for Happy Maids, cleaning homes so she could afford the tuition to send Charlie to a private school.
Their mother worked long hours without ever complaining, which was why Mina never allowed her to enter Mina's pigsty of a room.
"Mom, did you sign my permission form?"
"What permission form?"
Sara asked distractedly, sliding a raspberry Pop Tart into the toaster.
"For today's field trip.
To Babushka's Bakery, remember?
I gave it to you last week."
"Oh, honey."
Sara wrung her hands.
"Don't you think it would be better if you didn't go on the field trip?
You know how clumsy you are.
What if something should happen to you?"
"Mom, I have a paper to write on today's trip, and it's worth a quarter of my grade."
Mina had finally found a few safety pins in a junk drawer and was fumbling with them to reattach the strap to her backpack.
She knew they didn't have enough money to buy another one.
She would have to make do with a quick mend.
"Well, maybe you could do some extra credit instead?"
Sara asked.
"Mom, I'll be fine.
I'll stick to Nan like glue, and you won't have to worry about me.
It's just a boring bakery tour.
What could possibly go wrong, other than death from boredom?"
Mina saw the look on her mom's face and knew that she had won the argument?barely.
Going to a stack of mail by the fridge, Sara sifted through it until she found the folded yellow permission form.
Signing it, she handed it to Mina with one last warning.
"Just promise me you'll be careful."
"I will," Mina promised, knowing it was a half-truth.
She would be careful, but bad luck had a habit of following her everywhere.
Charlie shuffled into the kitchen still wearing his pajamas, plus a striking pair of bright yellow galoshes.
Sitting on a slightly dented chair, he pulled one of the boxes of cereal toward him and began his morning routine of combining random cereals into one bowl.
Today he chose only Franken Berry, Cheerios, and Grape-Nuts, a far cry from his normal combination of at least five cereals.
Watching him mix cereal every morning made her stomach drop in disgust, which was why she preferred Pop Tarts.
The toaster released her Pop Tart and Mina grabbed it in midair, wishing she hadn't as she began tossing it back and forth in her hands until it cooled.
Once it had cooled enough, it went into her mouth while she slipped on her temporarily fixed backpack and darted out the door to grab her bike from the landing.
The Grime family lived in a small rented apartment above The Golden Palace, a Chinese restaurant run by Mr. and Mrs. Wong.
Mina loved living above the restaurant, unless she forgot to close her window the night before; then all of her clothes would smell like peanut oil.
To make up for it, Mrs. Wong gave Mina all the pot stickers she could eat.
Mina carried the bike down the stairs to the sidewalk, nicking the paint from the wall on the way down.
She had a love-hate relationship with the bike.
Last year, on the eve of her fifteenth birthday, she thought she was being led outside blindfolded to be presented with a car.
Instead, she got a red 1950 Schwinn.
The bike was old and scuffed, and it needed new brakes, oil, and tires, but she didn't care.
Once she got over the disappointment and realized how unrealistic a car would be on her family's budget, she began to love it.
The bike allowed her some freedom.
Besides, if Mina's riding ability was any indication of her driving ability, then the world would have been in for a lot of dented mailboxes.
Swinging her bike onto the sidewalk, Mina waved to Mrs. Wong and barely missed colliding into an old lady walking her gaggle of toy poodles.
"Sorry!"
she yelled, losing a chunk of the Pop Tart she was still holding in her mouth.
She watched in disgust as the poodles, who only moments ago had looked cute and cuddly, morphed into snapping, sugar-crazed dogs.
The lady stared in shock as she tried to get control of her wild, pampered babies.
Mina shrugged apologetically in response.
Ten minutes later, after cutting through two back streets and riding across three neighbors' backyards, Mina arrived at a schoolyard that was devoid of human life, giving her the undeniable impression that she was tardy.
She left her bike by the bike rack, but without a proper kickstand, it sagged pathetically to one side against the nicer, newer bikes.
Running toward the bus barn, she was relieved to see the field trip bus was still there-until it pulled away from the curb.
"No!"
Mina yelled, running after the bus, trying desperately to catch the notice of the driver.
A window slid down, and a familiar blonde head popped out with something silver in her hand.
"Mina, you really need to get a watch," the girl shouted.
"Nan!
Tell him to stop!"
Mina cried, feeling a stitch begin in her side.
"And a cell phone!
You really need to be brought out of the dark ages.
I could have called you."
The girl just kept talking, impervious to Mina's desperation and waning stamina.
"Nan!
Snap out of it!
Stop the bus!"
she screamed, huffing and puffing.
"Oh, right!"
The blonde head popped back inside.
A moment later the bus slowly decelerated and pulled to the curb.
Out of breath and slightly limping from the side stitch, Mina finally boarded the first steps of the bus.
The bus driver gave her an indignant look; this would probably delay their arrival, and he was a stickler for being on time.
She ignored him and stepped to the front row, where her teacher was sitting, to hand him her permission form.
"You really should have been on time," Mr. West commented.
His balding head glistened from the heat of the already too-warm bus.
"I'm sorry," Mina answered quietly.
"We had a power outage."
Mr. West looked over her permission form and then nodded for her to take a seat.
Walking toward the back of the bus was like being in a bad slow-motion dream.
She had no choice but to be the recipient of twenty-some odd stares.
Ducking her head and sliding into the seat next to Nan, Mina poked her in the side in revenge.
"That's for making me run for so long."
Nan grinned, showing perfect white teeth.
Today she wore an "I <3 Jacob Black" shirt, skinny jeans, and black flats.
Nan was the exact opposite of Mina in every way, which was why they probably got along so well.
She got a kick out of Mina's lack of knowledge in all things social and popular.
"Well, maybe if you got a cell phone, you could have texted me you were running late," Nan quipped, pulling out her latest iPhone, fingers flying over the touchpad.
"What are you doing?
Are you chirping?"
Nan rolled her eyes and laughed.
"Really, Mina.
It's called tweeting."
"Okay.
Are you tweeting?"
"Of course."
Nan smirked.
Mina's stomach sank.
"About what?"
She had a feeling she already knew the answer.
She'd seen something in Nan's hand when she had previously opened the window and leaned out.
"Oh, nothing much.
I'm just tweeting the picture of you running like a madman after the bus to all of my followers."
"Followers" made it sound like some sort of cult.
"Nan, how many followers do you have?"
She hoped the number hadn't gone up.
"Well, after yesterday's rant about the garbage they pass off as lunch, I'm up to about three hundred."
She clicked "Update," and immediately chiming could be heard from multiple phones on the bus.
Snickers and heads turned Mina's way, and she heard whispers of "loser" and "nerd."
"Nan!
How could you?"
Mina said, scrambling over Nan so she could be by the windows and out of direct line of sight for most of the riders.
She pulled her backpack up over her head and hid behind the bag.
"Mina, you need to learn to laugh at yourself.
I'm trying to get you noticed.
Hardly anybody knows who you are."
"I can't imagine anyone wanting to be the center of that kind of attention.
I certainly wouldn't."
Nan raised one eyebrow in disbelief.
"Nonsense.
Everyone wants to get at least some attention.
Well, except for you.
Really, Mina, it doesn't even matter whether it's good or bad, true or untrue-everyone wants to be popular, to be part of some gossip."
Nan was the friendliest and most outgoing girl in the school.
Everyone seemed to like Nan, not because she was popular or smart, but because she was fun and real.
"Not me."
Mina shrugged nonchalantly.
"So I guess in that case you wouldn't care about the current eligibility status of a certain boy?"
Nan knew that her best friend had a secret crush on Brody Carmichael ever since her family moved here.
"Brody and Savannah broke up?"
Mina sat up straight in disbelief, knocking her backpack to the floor.
"Ah-ha!
See, you are interested."
"No, I'm not," she said.
"Yes, you are," Nan taunted.
She was right; Mina did want to know.
"Okay, fine?
Did they?"
Mina felt a flower of hope start to bloom.
"No, but see!
Wouldn't you want to know if they did?"
That blooming hope shriveled up dead.
"I hate you, Nan Taylor!"
Mina shot out.
"You're a dream-killer, you know that right?
Dream Killer."
"Gee, Grimy, keep it down," a male voice shot out from behind their seat.
Her face flushed red.
Mina hated her last name, an easy target for name-calling: Grime too easily translated to Slime, Brine, Grimy.
She couldn't wait until she got married and could legally change her name?if she could ever overcome her awkwardness and talk to a boy.
Sitting back, she let Nan talk on about the latest episode of Glee and even sing a few bars from the new hit single she had downloaded on her iPhone.
Mina didn't even own an iPod; the closest thing she had was an old CD player.
That was something else about Nan-she was addicted to Glee and every popular reality show on TV.
Mina didn't understand her best friend's infatuation.
Mina's own life was already a reality show; why would she want to watch someone else's?
The bus reached Babushka's Bakery, and all of the weary and bored teenagers filed off and waited in groups.
This was Mina's chance to scan the crowd and find the tall blond-haired Brody Carmichael.
Sure enough, he was standing next to Savannah White, who looked every bit a princess with her long white-blonde hair, porcelain skin, and big blue eyes.
Brody seemed distracted as Savannah latched possessively onto his arm, marking her territory as only a female high school student could.
Brody was every girl's dream guy.
He was a perfectly blended cocktail of aristocrat and jock.
The Carmichaels prided themselves on family lineage and could follow their ancestors back to when they first came over on the Mayflower.
They raised racehorses, owned a clothing company, and were by far the richest family in the state.
Yet Brody never let it get to his head.
He never raised his voice, never bullied anyone, and seemed completely oblivious to his social status and effect on girls.
Her daydreaming was interrupted as a plump man hurried out of the gray brick factory.
"Welcome, children, we are so glad to have you here at the world famous Babushka's Bakery.
You can call me B.J.," the man said, smiling and wiping what looked like leftover powdered doughnut from his face.
"Let me introduce your tour guide, Claire.
She will take you around the factory and answer any questions you have."
The tour guide, a striking blonde woman named Claire, walked out of the factory in a form-fitting white lab jacket, yellow helmet, and goggles, which did virtually nothing to impede her leggy, model-like beauty.
There were some obvious whistles and elbowing among the boys, and even Brody stood a few inches taller within her presence.
She smiled warmly at them, red lips framing perfect white teeth, and motioned the class to follow her into the factory.
Her hips sashayed, and her red heels clicked on the cement sidewalk to a rhythm that only she could hear.
The boys followed like puppies, mere inches behind the tour guide, while the popular girls, including Savannah, hung back, shooting hateful glares toward Claire.
A challenge had clearly been made without one spoken word, and the girls flipped their hair, powdered their noses, and glossed their lips in preparation to retaliate.
Mina felt a moment of pity for the poor tour guide; she had personally seen what it was like to be on the receiving end of jealous girls from Kennedy High.
Mina looked at Nan to see if she noticed, but Nan was preoccupied with her texting.
Taking a deep breath, Mina grabbed Nan's sleeve and led her after the group of students into the factory, with Nan texting the whole way.
Claire took them through a fluorescent-lit hallway lined with photo murals of Babushka's Bakery's history.
She paused every few feet to explain the history, as Mina grabbed a chewed-up pencil and notebook out of her broken backpack and struggled to catch up.
"This is our founder, Larry Brimwell.
In 1911, he started the bakery out of his two-bedroom home, and later moved it into a rented building in the international district in 1913."
A grainy black-and-white photo could be seen of a man with a white apron and hat, rolling small balls of chocolate on a small kitchen table.
Out of focus and barely visible underneath the table was a small brown-haired boy playing with a wooden car.
The next wall mural depicted a smiling Mr. Brimwell outside a small vacant building with a "For Rent" sign in the dirty, paned window.
A severe, unsmiling blonde woman stood next to Mr. Brimwell, one hand holding a small clutch purse.
This was obviously his wife, holding the hand of their little boy.
Mina stopped to stare at the picture of what was supposed to be a happy family, but the picture seemed odd, almost forced.
Mina wondered what was really going on in Mrs. Brimwell's mind.
"It was Mrs. Brimwell who saw the potential of turning the bakery into a full-scale factory and invested all of her inheritance in the company against her father's wishes.
Soon after they purchased this current factory, Larry died of scarlet fever.
His wife and son were left to take on the family business alone."
Claire stopped speaking, her voice quavering for only a split second, before she cleared her throat and dazzled the group with her smile again.
"Through hard work and perseverance, they made it into the baking empire it is today."
"Who runs it now?"
Pricilla Rose, or Pri for short, had raised her hand but asked the question before being called on.
"Mr. Brimwell," Claire replied.
"Why, that would make him almost a hundred years old," Pri said, surprised.
"Silly me," Claire chuckled.
"Please forgive me, I meant to say his grandson, B.J.
Brimwell, who met you at the front door.
He didn't look quite 100, did he?"
Heads bobbed in understanding, and a few boys even laughed at the dull joke.
More facts were mentioned, and the tour kept moving.
Mr. West told them they would have a paper due concerning their tour, and Mina needed an A on this paper, badly.
Sometime during the lecture on the usefulness of different sugars in the chocolate process, Mr. West had become separated from the tour group, but only Mina seemed to notice their ward's absence.
Claire seemed to enjoy the extra attention from the boys, particularly Brody, and did nothing to discourage them.
The tour went through the stockroom, the drying room, and the mixing rooms.
Every room looked the same, sterile and depressing, the workers even more so in their drab white coats, shower caps, and listless, droning movements.
The expression on every one of the workers' faces was the same: blank.
Mina noticed that many of the students were becoming bored, and more than a few could be seen trying to stifle their yawns, so as not to upset their guide.
Mina felt her eyes start to go heavy, as if she hadn't slept in days.
Slowly the atmosphere of the tour changed.
Mina hardly noticed when the steady stream of facts slowed significantly and Claire's voice no longer echoed loudly enough to reach the back of the room.
In fact, Claire had hardly spoken above a whisper for the last five minutes.
The rest of the class had become incidental, as the tour now seemed to only consist of one VIP-Brody.
Claire would lean in and gently put her hand on his shoulder to direct him if he was turning the wrong way.
She would whisper a comment that only he seemed to hear.
Everything about the small movements and encounters between the two seemed odd, out of place.
Claire stopped walking to listen to a comment that Brody made, turned her head coyly to the side, and giggled.
Actually giggled.
Now Mina wished that she wasn't at the back of the group so she could hear what was said.
But someone obviously did overhear; Savannah moved in for the kill.
Savannah flipped her blonde hair and physically stepped between Claire and Brody, her nose turned up in challenge.
"Excuse me.
Perhaps you could stop paying so much attention to my boyfriend so we can actually hear you in the back."
Claire's eyes turned dark.
Brody grabbed her elbow and turned on her.
"You have got to be kidding, Savannah.
Are you trying to embarrass me?"
"Are you?
When's the last time you were so interested in a stupid bread barn?"
"Oh, come on.
Really, you want to do this now?"
"Do what now?"
she asked coldly.
Brody's voice grew louder.
Everyone stopped talking to listen in to witness firsthand what was sure to be the biggest argument of the semester.
"It's over between us.
I'm sick of you.
I'm sick of your jealousy and your childish ways.
It's time for you to grow up!"
Brody looked feverish and tense.
Sweat beaded on his forehead.
Savannah's eyes glistened with tears, and her cherry-glossed lip started to tremble.
"You don't mean that.
Yesterday you told me?"
"Well, that was yesterday and this is today.
Don't you get it?
You're too much of a baby."
The words left Brody's mouth, but they seemed awkward and forced.
Savannah turned and ran back down the hallway toward the bathrooms.
Pri dutifully ran after her.
Claire turned to the group and smiled brightly.
"Well, now that that embarrassing scene is over with, let's be on our way, shall we?"
Her smile was so blindingly bright that it was almost painful to look at.
Did no one else seem to notice the effect the bewitching tour guide was having on Brody and the boys?
Apparently not.
The girls were so upset by the breakup that they were no longer paying attention to the tour, instead whispering among themselves excitedly about sudden availability of the hottest guy in school.
No one ever could hold a grudge against Brody Carmichael.
Nan nudged Mina and motioned to the group of girls with her chin.
"I told you that everyone loves gossip.
I've already been texted by three different people who aren't even here that Brody and Savannah broke up."
Nan frowned, looking at one of the texts, and her fingers flew over the touchpad.
"No, that's not right.
I was here.
I saw it."
Nan began murmuring to herself as she tried to fix whatever new rumor was now flying through their high school ten miles away.
Claire finally led the tour group to the third floor and was allowing the kids to walk the railed catwalk over the production floor.
By now, many of the students had become bored and started laughing and horsing around.
It seemed that whatever love spell that once charmed them had worn off most of them, just not one hypnotized Brody.
His movements became slower, and he was transfixed by Claire's every movement.
Mina watched as Claire's hand stroked Brody's bicep in a demure manner.
Warning bells went off in her head that something was definitely wrong.
A tingling began in her hands and spread throughout her body and up her spine like an electric current.
Jumping, Mina looked around and behind her for a source of static electricity, but no one was near her.
Another intense feeling of wrongness overcame her, and she felt compelled to move forward and interfere.
She didn't want to make a spectacle like Savannah, but she had to break whatever spell Claire had over Brody.
Gathering her courage, Mina moved forward, unsure of exactly what she was going to do.
The tingling sensation was almost overwhelming.
Someone bumped her from behind, and she lost her grip on her notebook and chewed-up pencil, which launched from her hand to land at the feet of Steven and Frank, deep in some argument over a video game.
She watched as the pencil rolled right in front of Steven's foot, wincing when the foot came down and he slipped on the pencil.
Steven flailed his arms dramatically, causing a domino effect as he lost his balance and pitched forward into Frank.
Frank, caught off guard, tried to catch his friend but ended up slamming backward into Mina, Claire, and Brody.
Mina caught her balance, but Claire's heel snagged in the catwalk, and she stumbled headlong into Brody, pushing him toward the railing.
The rickety walkway shifted under the weight, causing everyone to lurch to the right.
The sudden jostling woke Brody from his hypnotic state.
She saw his sudden confusion, followed by shock as the catwalk tilted again.
He stumbled backward; his arms flailed widely as he reached for a hand railing and missed.
His blue eyes filled with terror as he fell backward over the safety rail.
Chapter 2
Screams of horror reverberated off the walls.
Adrenaline took over as Mina lunged for Brody, missing his body entirely but grabbing the shoulder strap of his black Jansport backpack.
She had done it without thinking, even though she wasn't very strong, and now she gritted her teeth as she slammed into the railing, which caused her to cry out in pain.
There was a moment of suspended animation when she thought she had him and they were safe, but then her feet slowly lost contact with the floor.
Screaming, she started moving upward and over, her feet dangling uselessly.
She was going to go over the railing with him.
Suddenly, hands grabbed her around the waist, anchoring her.
Both her and Brody's downward momentum stopped with a jolt and a loud rip.
She kept a death grip on the backpack strap and felt pain shoot up through both arms.
Brody had one arm through the other strap; it had slid down to his elbow.
Reaching up, he used his other hand to hold on to get a firmer grip.
He stared upward, a panicked look on his face, the catwalk still swaying precariously.
"Don't worry!
I've got you, Brody."
Mina tried to sound comforting, even though her muscles burned and her arms shook from the strain of holding onto someone twice her weight.
"And I've got you."
Nan's voice was muffled from exertion.
She was the one who had kept Mina from going over.
Other students began to aid in the rescue.
Steven and Frank reached over to grab the backpack, helping to relieve the burden of Brody's weight.
They helped pull him up to where Brody was able to grab onto the lower safety bar.
Their own safety set aside, a few students lay on their stomachs and knees to reach through the rails to grab onto Brody as he slowly pulled his own weight up to where his feet could find purchase on the catwalk.
Mina felt like she couldn't breathe until Brody had stepped back over the railing and was safe.
Once he was out of danger, she fell to her knees on the diamond-shaped grating, ignoring the painful prods as she was overcome with a feeling of intense relief.
Brody's backpack was dumped on the floor next to her.
He leaned down to talk to Mina, but Steven and Frank pulled him away in excitement.
Mina looked at the ripped backpack and had to blink twice to see if she was delusional.
The rip she had heard was Brody's backpack ripping, and it was in the exact same place and size as the hole in her backpack from this morning.
Only he could probably afford to buy a new one.
Even though Brody was safe, Mina felt like she wasn't.
She felt as if she were being smothered.
As if some unseen force was watching her, judging her, and the feeling was becoming unbearably strong.
With all the kids' eyes on her, she felt trapped.
Even Claire looked rattled and scared, her blonde hair disheveled, her safety hat gone.
Limping, she tried to stand and gain control of the students, who were celebrating, hugging, and crying.
Several students slapped Mina's back.
"That was awesome!"
"I can't believe you acted to so quickly!"
"You saved his life."
"Way to go, Grimes!"
"I think it's time we went outside," Claire said, her eyes downcast in shame.
Everyone followed her to the closest emergency exit and down the steps to a side door that led outside.
The bright sunlight touching the students' faces seemed to burn away the weary fog that had previously overtaken them.
Mina felt her unease slightly diminish once she was a good distance away from the building, but it didn't leave entirely.
They took the long way and walked around the side of the bakery until they came to the front entrance and the bus.
Mr. West was there, along with Mr. Brimwell.
For an irresponsible chaperone, Mr. West was quick to see that there was a problem.
He read the agitation on Claire's face and instantly became alert.
"What happened?
What's wrong?"
he asked.
Claire spoke up, her face red with embarrassment.
"There was an unfortunate accident on the catwalk."
Mr. West's eyes went wide in fear.
His bald head looked like a pendulum as he began swinging it back and forth, trying to take a head count of his pack of unruly students.
"Yeah, Brody almost died!"
Steven blurted out.
Savannah let out a high-pitched squeak of alarm.
"He fell backward off the catwalk, but Grimes?I mean, Mina, saved him!"
Frank yelled.
Nothing else could be heard over the roar of voices as everyone spoke up at once, trying to relay their own version of the death-defying story.
Mina was uncomfortable with all the staring, so she tried to maneuver to the outside of the crowd and duck behind Nan, who was no longer preoccupied with her phone.
Mr. Brimwell paled and looked to Claire.
"Is this true?
How could you have let this happen?"
Claire pinched her lips together angrily.
"It wasn't my fault.
They were messing around on the catwalk, and a support cinch failed."
Mina's stomach dropped, and she felt sick.
None of them knew the real reason.
None of this would have happened if she hadn't dropped her chewed-up number-two pencil.
This whole mess started because of how clumsy she was and her inherent bad luck.
It was another epic disaster to add to the list in her sock drawer at home.
She felt so disheartened.
"You let these kids on the catwalk?"
Mr. Brimwell accused her.
His round face turned tomato-red with anger, but that didn't dissuade Claire.
"Why wouldn't I?
I've been taking people on the catwalk for years, and it's never bothered you before.
I've always ended tours there."
They drew closer together, and the heated argument became indecipherable amongst the growing babble of Mina's classmates.
Mr. West's head seemed to be shaking in disbelief, and he kept looking over at Mina skeptically.
She didn't blame him.
She could hardly believe her own actions.
Mina blushed as he looked past Savannah and over the heads of the students, searching for something or someone.
She saw Brody spot her among the crowd and start to move in her direction.
She tensed.
She couldn't imagine him thanking her for such an embarrassing stunt, especially in front of twenty students with cell phones.
She was likely to say something dumb and make a fool of herself.
Mina couldn't look away as he maneuvered around the sympathetic girls to reach her.
He was only feet away when Savannah cried his name and caught his attention.
Brody and Mina both turned to find her running toward him, impossibly blonde hair swinging behind her as she ran into his arms.
"Are you okay?"
she asked hesitantly, unsure of her reception.
Mina hoped he'd blow her off, but to her surprise he cradled her in an enormous hug.
"Brody, I'm so sorry!"
Savannah said when they'd pulled apart.
Could she really be so oblivious to the audience around them?
"I'm sorry about how I acted in the factory.
You're right-I do need to grow up, and I promise to never embarrass you like that again."
Her bottom lip actually trembled.
"Savannah, what are you talking about?
This wasn't your fault."
"No, not that.
Our argument.
I've done a lot of thinking and?"
"What argument?"
Brody said, sounding frustrated.
Mina heard stunned whispers throughout the crowd.
"Savannah, I almost died.
Can we talk about this some other time?"
"Wait?You don't remember?"
"Truthfully this whole morning is kind of a haze.
I'm really not feeling well?maybe I should just go home."
Hope filled Savannah's face, her trembles ceasing when she realized Brody didn't remember their breakup.
"You're right, Brody.
Let's get you home."
She clutched his arm possessively and led him toward the bus and a panicked Mr. West.
"Brody, my boy, I hope your family doesn't think it was negligence on my part.
I got called away on an important phone call."
Mr. West placed his hand on Brody's shoulder and gave a wary glance toward Mr. Brimwell.
Turning toward the rest of the students, he called out in the tone that only a teacher can do, "All right students, let's load up."
Mina filed behind Nan and Pri, and waited to board the bus.
She watched Savannah led the unsteady Brody up the steps onto the bus.
"Well, I guess that was the shortest breakup in history," Pri mumbled.
"Don't be too sure about that," Nan said, thoughtfully glancing at Brody.
Mina watched him take a window seat and stare balefully out it in her direction.
He seemed to be staring at her!
Mina immediately looked at the ground, but when she looked back up, she still had his gaze.
It was a tad uncomfortable.
"I mean, I don't even know what he sees in her," Pri continued.
"Don't worry, Pri.
I have a feeling that the makeup is only temporary."
As Mina boarded the bus, students began clapping and calling her name, reaching out to give her high-fives and congratulate her on her heroic act.
Except for one, who was still staring out the window.
She felt like she was going to be sick; her guilt was making her a nervous wreck.
Should she apologize to Brody?
That would mean she would have to go up to him and actually speak to the world's most handsome boy, who didn't seem eager to talk to her.
Definitely not.
Maybe she could slip him a note?
That wouldn't do.
What if his family sued hers?
Yep, Mina was definitely going to puke.
Keeping her head down, Mina hastily made her way to the back of the bus and slid down as far as she could into her seat in an attempt to hide.
Nan slid in next to her.
"Kinda nice to be sitting next to a celebrity."
Nan laughed.
"No, it's not.
It's horrible," Mina said.
"You were wrong.
I don't want to be popular."
"Maybe I should get your autograph and sell it on eBay.
Or better yet, I could auction off your old English papers.
I wonder how much money I would get for a D-plus?"
Mina was terrified at the prospect.
"Then I could buy that new handbag I wanted," Nan said.
"I hope you choke on the handbag," Mina shot back.
Nan chuckled, but she quit making ribs at Mina's expense.
She leaned out the bus aisle to take a peek.
Sure enough, everyone was still looking toward her, pointing and whispering in her direction.
Sighing in regret, she leaned back dramatically and drummed her fingers on her thighs.
"Aren't you going to tweet this?"
Mina said, noticing the lack of an electronic accessory in Nan's hands.
"I thought for sure you would have taken fifty photos by now."
"Can't," Nan sighed wistfully.
"Why not?"
"I don't have my iPhone anymore."
"What happened?"
"I threw it off the catwalk as soon as I saw you were in trouble.
I mean, come on, it was either hold on to my stupid phone or save my best friend's life," she said, holding out her hands and weighing imaginary items.
"Duh!
Not a tough decision."
Mina reached over and hugged Nan as tightly as she could.
She knew how much Nan's life revolved around that stupid phone, and her friend did help save her.
Nan made gagging noises as she squeezed harder and harder.
"Gee, let go, let go."
"Thank you, Nan."
Mina smiled.
"Yeah, yeah, I know.
You're indebted to me for life.
You're my eternal slave and must sacrifice yourself to save me now.
Blah, blah, blah."
Nan waved her hands in the air like it was nothing.
Mina and Nan sat back down in their seats and listened to the harmony of a busload of students texting, talking, and playing games on their cell phones.
The chiming noise was a constant reminder of Nan's sacrifice.
"Nan?"
Mina began, getting ready to apologize again.
"Don't!"
Nan snapped, holding her pink polished finger up to silence any more words.
"I already regret it."
Mina laughed.
Chapter 3
Mina hadn't told her mother what happened at Babushka's, knowing exactly how she would react.
Sara was an extremely overprotective mother, far beyond what seemed normal or even sane.
Anytime a crazy unexplained accident happened to Mina, Sara would pick up the family and move, no questions asked.
Mina wasn't really sure why.
In first grade, Mina took a trip to the zoo and was overcome with anxiety as all the animals in the petting zoo started following her around.
They had moved the following week.
In fourth grade, Mina's garden-variety science project produced two car-sized pumpkins overnight.
They moved the next day.
In seventh grade during Home-Ec, Mina kept falling asleep during her knitting projects.
Sara told the school it was mono, and their family was packed by the time Mina got home.
Mina knew that what had happened yesterday was worse than any of her other unpleasant accidents, which was why she kept the list.
She hoped to one day find hidden a link between these disasters and figure out what made her mother want to move.
For now, she was lucky that her mother wasn't close to any of the moms from school.
If she were, Mina might already have found their small apartment packed up in boxes and a moving truck in the alley.
"Mina?"
Sara peeked her head into her daughter's room, the door almost immediately stopped by the piles of teenage debris.
When Mina didn't answer, Sara braved the obstacle course of clothes and magazines and walked into her daughter's dark room to open the blinds and window.
"Ahhhh, Mom!"
Mina answered, throwing the comforter back over her head to protect herself from the onslaught of fresh air and light, both of which were toxic to a very sleepy teenager.
Grumbling, she curled up under the covers and tried to ignore her mother's movements throughout her room.
All she wanted was to lie in bed comatose for another few hours as she gathered strength to face another day at school.
Was that too much to ask?
When Sara stubbed her toe on an unidentified object, she let out a gasp of pain but held back any forthcoming remarks.
Mina bit her lip guiltily under the covers, knowing she really needed to clean up her room.
She was grateful that her mother never harangued her about it.
"We're leaving now.
I have to pick up a few things before taking Charlie to school.
I'll be late coming home after I drop off a packet at the Carmichaels' residence.
Be home for dinner, okay?"
"Wait!
The Carmichaels?
No way!"
Mina shrieked, sitting up in bed and throwing the comforter behind her.
"I mean, don't they have live-in maids?
Why would they want to employ another company?"
Mina knew that whatever happened, she could not let her mother go to the Carmichaels'.
What if they told her mother about what happened at the bakery?
What if they tried to thank Sara?
Or worse, what if her mother became the Carmichaels' maid.
No.
Mina could not let that happen.
"Well, maybe they heard what a great job we do and want to hire the best.
We definitely could use the extra money."
Sara looked at the piles of clothes and sighed wearily.
"What if I do it?"
Mina shot out without thinking.
"Do what, honey?"
Sara nudged a pair of dirty socks with her shoe over to what she assumed was a dirty clothes pile.
Mina had to think fast.
"I lent Brody my notes, so I have to go over there today anyhow.
So give me the Happy Maids packet, and I'll drop it off for Mrs.
Carmichael."
Sara thought about it.
"Well, that would work, because then I wouldn't be late to the Browns'.
Why, thank you, Mina."
Sara smiled.
Mina tried and failed to return her mother's smile when she realized the full implications of what she'd volunteered to do.
Mina was an idiot.
Sara put the packet on the kitchen table, and Mina watched as she and her younger brother, wearing a Superman cape, headed out the door.
Mina ran back to her bedroom, grabbed a purple pillow off her bed, and screamed into it, dancing around the room.
Green movement captured Mina's attention, and she froze when she realized that her mother had opened her window and blinds.
Mrs. Orn, the eighty-year-old cat lady from the building next door, was watching her with one eyebrow fully raised.
She'd happened to be watering her window box full of daisies when Mina made her dancing debut, and was now likely drowning them.
"Sorry, Mrs. Orn," Mina called, and dashed to the ledge to close the window and blinds.
Looking at the clock, Mina was glad to see that she had woken up with plenty of time to take a shower.
Grabbing her robe, she flung it over the top shower bar and began to work on the infinite twists and turns of the shower spigots.
It was easier to crack a double combination safe than it was to coax hot water out of these ancient pipes.
Mina said a quick prayer to the god of plumbing and bathroom fixtures and, after a few spurts of murky brown water, hot water eventually began to rain down.
After a quick and refreshing shower, she donned her blue terry bathrobe and slippers and pulled on the ancient porcelain bathroom doorknob.
She must not have prayed hard enough to the god of bathroom fixtures, because the bathroom door handle came off in her hands.
"No?no?no?no.
This can't be happening!"
Mina pounded frantically on the door and called for help before remembering her mother and brother had left early.
She desperately tried to reattach the door handle, but all she succeeded in doing was pushing the other one out the other side.
Mina bit back a scream of frustration.
Getting on her knees, she tried to look through the bathroom hole and find out what sort of lock it was.
After assessing the situation, she discovered she had no clue what it was or how to get out.
Frantically, she began to pull out drawers and open cupboards to look for something she could jam into the hole and turn the door.
She tried several different things: her mother's tweezers, and her hairbrush, which was too thick.
She had nearly given up her search when, finally, her eyes fell on the toothbrush holder.
Would it work?
Should she try?
Grabbing the fattest toothbrush, which happened to be Charlie's, Mina inserted it handle first and gave it a few turns.
It pulled on the lock a bit, but not enough to release the catch.
Opening up another drawer, Mina grabbed a nail file and inserted it between the door frame and the catch.
If she could budge the latch enough to push the nail file through, she'd be free.
For the next few minutes she pushed the file against the catch, carefully twisting the toothbrush back and forth until eventually she felt the door slide open in response.
Mina could almost have cried in relief.
Just another reason to talk to her mother about getting a cell phone.
But this latest debacle had made her late for school.
Throwing clothes on, she grabbed a violet zippered hoodie and ran out the door and across the lawn, having to double back only once to grab the Happy Maids packet from the kitchen table.
After pedaling for two blocks on her bicycle, Mina heard a slight mewing noise.
Looking down, she saw an orange tabby cat keeping pace just to her right.
Mina swerved a few feet to the right to avoid the cat and almost ran over a large dog that was now on the left of her bike.
"Yikes!"
Mina stood up and tried to pedal harder to outdistance the animals, but after a few more labored breaths, she looked behind her and saw they were still there.
"Go away!
Shoo!"
Mina was worried that the dog and cat would continue to follow her and get hit by a car.
They sped up and seemed to be chasing Mina.
Who would have thought a dog and cat together would be chasing her on her bike?
A loud screech and the large colorful object flying toward her head was the only warning that Mina had of a rooster propelling himself from a nearby fence.
Ducking, Mina swerved and almost lost control of the bike.
"What the??"
This was the oddest thing that had happened to Mina in a while.
She turned her head to see the rooster land behind her next to the dog and cat, and it seemed to join in on the chase.
Turning her head, Mina had only a split second to register that there was a large animal directly in her path, and slammed on her brakes.
Too late.
Mina lost control and flew headlong over the handlebars of her bike to land crumpled on the sidewalk.
In that instant, Mina recognized the animal that caused her wreck, but she couldn't believe it.
It was a donkey, in the middle of town.
And was it wearing a hat?
***
Shivering and sore because of her wet hair and skinned hands, Mina rode slowly the rest of the way to school.
She decided today was turning into another epic disaster.
When she hit the sidewalk, she must have blacked out for a split second.
Either that or she was hallucinating, because when she dusted off her hands and looked around, there was no sign of the donkey, rooster, dog, or cat.
There was no evidence that they were ever there.
Mina ran up and down the block looking for the donkey, but with no success.
Maybe it wasn't a donkey.
Maybe it was another large dog?
She didn't even bother pulling up to the bike rack, but threw her bike on the ground, her feet pounding the pavement as she ran up the stairs and into school.
Mina glanced at her watch; she was five minutes late for class.
Keeping her head down, she tried to walk as fast and as quietly as she could, hoping to avoid the hall monitors.
Maybe if she pleaded hard enough with her first-hour teacher, she would have pity and avoid writing a tardy slip.
Yeah, right.
Her teacher, Mrs. Porter, had her back to the door and was writing on the whiteboard, so Mina slipped into the classroom and tried to nonchalantly slide into her desk next to Nan.
Mina took a quick peek at the rigid spine of Mrs. Porter, noticing that the teacher never turned or made any movement to acknowledge her late entrance.
She turned slightly and began to shuffle some papers around on her desk; she didn't even glance Mina's way.
Mina was just about to breathe a sigh of relief when Mrs. Porter walked over and dropped a tardy slip on her desk, with Mina's name written in perfect penmanship across on the top.
She never even saw her teacher fill out the form.
Mina took the yellow slip of paper between her shaking fingers and looked toward Mrs. Porter's desk in confusion.
Mrs. Porter's thin pale lips tightened into what could only be described as an inhuman smile.
"I find that it saves time if I fill out your tardy slips in advance, Ms. Grime.
It's less of a distraction for the class, and you seem to be the only one that has this peculiar problem."
She held up a stack of the small carbon-copy yellow forms and spread them so everyone could see her name printed on the next five tardy slips.
"As you can see, you haven't disappointed me yet."
Her eyes tried to crinkle as she laughed, but everything looked strange and awkward on her.
She was so old that the whites of her eyes were no longer white but a pasty gray.
Her teeth looked like faded yellow parchment, and her clothes seemed to have come from the 1950s.
Everything about Mrs. Porter was a throwback to some other era and time.
Even the antique candy bowl that sat on her desk with ancient, uneaten candy corn seemed forlorn and out of place amongst the high-tech gadgetry of the classroom.
Mrs. Porter had been with the school since it first opened, and she refused to retire, which was why she only taught homeroom or study hall.
While other teachers had moved onto video chat guest speakers and live televised distance-learning, her teaching methods were so far outdated that she made fuzzy 70s-era VHS tapes seem modern.
Mina guessed she had never so much as touched a computer.
But there was one thing that Mrs. Porter did and did well, and that was discipline.
She prided herself on handing out the most detention slips and tardy notices, explaining that the other teachers had gone soft.
Mina shrank into her seat, crumpling the tardy notice and stuffing it into her pocket.
It wasn't fair that she was always late.
Most of the time it was out of her control.
Biting her lip, she tried to study her algebra notes when a persistent foot kept nudging her Converse.
Mina looked up into the excited eyes of Nan, who was being careful to mouth her words so as not to be overheard.
"Have you heard?
There's an assembly.
About you," she mouthed.
"What?"
Mina said audibly.
Quickly she ducked her head and buried it in her notebook, just as Mrs. Porter swung around at the noise.
The woman might be old, but she had hearing like a bat.
Mina pretended to scribble in her book, and out of the corner of her eye she watched as Nan pursed her lips and tapped her pencil on her book as if solving a complicated problem.
Mrs. Porter scanned the room, then turned her back and continued her writing.
Nan blew out a breath of air that made her bangs float in the air before resting nonchalantly on her cheek.
Her hair always looked effortless.
She raised her eyebrow at Mina as if waiting for a response.
Mina glanced at the back of her teacher and shook her head.
Nan scribbled in her notebook and flipped up the edge so Mina could see what she'd written.
News reporters, photographers, media in the gym.
Mina's brows furrowed in confusion.
"Why?"
she mouthed quietly this time.
Nan gave an exasperated head bob that could only mean one word, "duh," and began scribbling in her notebook.
This time only three words appeared.
You and Brody!
Mina's head began to shake back and forth in disbelief.
This was exactly the kind of debacle she was afraid would happen.
What if her mom found out and made them move?
Nan widened her eyes, nodding slowly in affirmation.
If someone else had looked at Mina and Nan right then, they would have seen two bobble heads at war.
Nan stopped nodding, scribbled in her notebook, and held it for Mina to read.
Promise me that I get an insider's scoop.
Mina rolled her eyes but whispered, "Fine."
Nan used her hand to cross her heart.
Mina smiled and did the same, the whole time shaking in her shoes.
With a few more quick notes, Mina was able to discern what she had missed by being late that morning.
The assembly would be held at second period in the gym.
What was supposed to be a glorifying rally seemed more like an executioner's sentence.
Why couldn't she be more like other kids and enjoy these things?
Instead, she was terrified and tried to think of ways to escape.
Maybe she could feign sickness and go home.
One look at Mrs. Porter made Mina realize it'd never work.
She would make her tough it out or maybe go so far as to escort her to the nurse's office herself.
Any other period, and she could come up with some excuse and slip out unnoticed.
But not this one.
Her only other option would be to leave as soon as the bell rang.
The forty-five-minute class seemed to drag on, and Mina gave up trying to study for her algebra class.
Her eyes began to water from staring at the clock for so long.
With only one minute left, Mina grabbed her bag and was moving toward the door one second before the bell sounded.
Yes!
Mina escaped the room, and had just turned right down the hallway and toward the exit when she walked into Principal Hame.
"Ah, Mina!
Just the person we were looking for.
Please come with me."
His heavy hand on her shoulder felt like a manacle snapping around her neck.
She watched someone exit the school doors, and the sound of them closing reverberated in her ears.
Mina winced.
"Um, Principal Hame, I'm not feeling well this morning, and I think it would be beneficial if I went home immediately."
She tried to slump her shoulders and look sick.
"You can't leave now.
We have something very special planned for you."
He brushed off her terrible acting and shuffled toward the office, pulling her alongside him.
In the background, Mina heard the noise of lockers being shut and the excitement of students moving toward the gym.
They loved any excuse to skip class.
Principal Hame guided Mina into his office and had her sit in one of the chairs facing his desk.
His office was decorated with pigs, and lots of them.
Ceramic pigs, plastic bobble heads, stuffed pigs, even a Hog Heaven monthly calendar.
Everywhere you looked there were pigs, mostly because his secretary gifted him with a pig decoration for every occasion.
Mina knew she had become a lost cause for tardiness when she began naming the pigs.
She stared dejectedly at a ceramic pig with a red polka dot tie perched on Principal Hame's desk.
This one she had previously named Lucky, because he was the least stupid-looking of the collection.
Principal Hame slumped into his chair and had a moment of awkwardness as his chair slid back three feet from the desk.
After a few grunts and pushes, he maneuvered the chair back to the desk.
Mina did her best to keep a straight face.
"As you may have heard, Channel 6 and the Herald Stadium are here to do an interview with you about your heroic efforts yesterday.
What I need to know, Mina, is whether you love your school."
"I don't understand, Principal Hame."
Principal Hame coughed.
"Well, Mina, what I should be asking is maybe how much you like your fellow students and friends, like Nan Taylor.
It would be a shame if our school lost funding and had to cut programs because of bad publicity."
"How could this be bad publicity?
I'm not sure I understand your question.
Of course I love this school.
I'm just terrified of giving an interview and would really prefer not to.
So if you could find a way out for me, that would be incredible."
"Mina, you have to do the interview.
I just want to make sure that you don't place blame on Mr. West for the incident that happened at Babushka's.
If it was publicized that he wasn't there when the accident occurred, it could be seen as negligence, and we could lose our most valued supporters and be forced to cut funding or even, God forbid, fire Mr. West.
The Carmichaels have a lot of powerful friends.
I need to know whether you think Mr. West is to blame for the accident."
Mina was at a loss for words.
"Of course not!
He wasn't the one to blame.
It was my-no one's fault.
Just an accident."
Mina had almost admitted the truth.
How could she place blame on an absent teacher when she knew that even if Mr. West was there, the same events would have unfolded with the same outcome?
It was just her bad luck that followed her everywhere.
Principal Hame smiled brightly.
"Excellent!
Glad to hear it.
Well, we'd better get you to the gym."
He stood up and ushered Mina out the door, following close on her heels.
"No, really, I'm not feeling that well and would rather go home," Mina pleaded.
In retrospect, she wished she had used the time in his office to try to blackmail him into letting her go home, but it was too late now.
Again Principal Hame ignored her, "Make sure you tell the reporters how much you love our school.
We would love to get a new pool installed, you know.
Good publicity equals good funding."
"But I?"
"Now's your time to shine, Ms. Grime.
Do your school proud."
Principal Hame escorted Mina down the corridor, and before she knew it, she was through the doors into the gym.
"There she is," Nan yelled, waving at the reporters while pointing to Mina.
Yep, Mina thought to herself, she was definitely going to kill Nan.
Principal Hame sauntered proudly to the center and took the mic from Vice Principal Merris.
"And here she is: Kennedy High School's own real-life heroine.
Wilhelmina Grime!"
He started clapping into the microphone, which caused a chain reaction amongst the whole student body.
Mrs. Colbert, the music teacher, came forward and gently led a nervous Mina to the half-court line in the gym.
Principal Hame heartily slapped her back as if she were a linebacker instead of a five-foot-four girl.
Mina had just choked back a snappy retort when a bright flashing light blinded her.
Photographers appeared from nowhere.
The band started playing the school theme song, and the whole student body began stomping on the bleachers.
No longer was the air filled with cries of "Slimy Grimy," "Loser," or "Nerd," but her name.
The students were chanting her full and much-hated, antiquated name, Wilhelmina Grimes- everyone except for one tall, good-looking boy.
Mina felt her heart sink when she saw that Brody Carmichael wasn't standing with the other students, chanting or cheering for her.
He was sitting in the front row, chewing on his lip.
Just sitting and staring at her, brows furrowed, leaning forward to see her over the crowd.
She couldn't even begin to discern the emotions on his face.
"Mina, tell us what happened at Babushka's Bakery the day you saved the Carmichaels' son from certain death?"
The reporter from the Channel 6 news station thrust a microphone in front of Mina's face.
Another flash from the Herald Stadium newspaper photographer caught her off guard, making her dizzy.
But that wasn't what irritated Mina.
It was the reporter's poor choice of words.
"He has a name," Mina shot back, furious that the reporter would refer to Brody as the Carmichaels' son, and not by his name.
She thought he deserved better.
"Of course he does," the reporter countered.
"Are you going to answer the question?"
"Not until you rephrase your question."
"Now, Mina," Principal Hame interjected.
"Now's not the time to argue semantics.
They are doing a lovely story on our school and on you because of what happened yesterday.
It will be good publicity and may even help us get grants for our library."
"Of all the self-centered, hare-brained?"
Mina muttered under her breath, knowing that no one outside of the few feet around them could hear them over the band.
What a game the principal was playing; earlier he'd mentioned a pool, and now it was a library.
"Ah ah ah.
Now remember, it's for the good of the school," Principal Hame chided.
"Fine!
There was some rough-housing on the catwalk, and someone fell into Brody Carmichael."
Mina spoke his name loudly.
"And he fell over the safety railing."
"And you saved him?"
the reporter asked.
Did she detect a note of sarcasm in his voice?
"Yeah, I guess I did.
I wasn't thinking, I just reacted.
I grabbed for him and got his backpack.
I started to go over the railing, too, except that Nan?"
Mina pointed to her friend, who was screaming in the bleachers, "grabbed me and saved both of us.
Nan Taylor is the real hero of the story, not me.
She even sacrificed her iPhone in the attempt to save us."
As soon as Mina directed the attention to Nan, the reporter and her flock of photographers moved on and up the bleachers toward a surprised Nan.
"That was a brave thing you did," Mrs. Colbert leaned in and whispered over her shoulder.
Mina shrugged.
"I didn't do anything special.
Only did what anyone else in my situation would have done."
"I'm sure that's not the case, but you can keep telling yourself that if it helps you sleep better."
Mrs. Colbert smiled knowingly.
Her short spiky hair and blue-colored, wing-tipped glasses gave her an approachable edge, though her quips and riddles often left Mina more confused than enlightened.
"Why are they not interviewing Brody?
I thought for sure they would be all over him."
Mina glanced over her shoulder to see Brody looking furious and glaring in her direction again.
She swallowed nervously.
"They can't.
The Carmichael family has forbidden the newspapers from harassing their son."
"But I thought no one could silence the media."
Mina looked back up toward where Brody was now sitting.
Not a single photographer bothered him.
Another flash of light in Mina's direction, and she was seeing stars again.
"That's what they want you to think, but the biggest pocketbook speaks loudest."
She grinned, causing her cheek to dimple.
"They allow their own names, photos, and stories to be printed, but the Carmichaels control all publicity regarding their son."
Mrs. Colbert walked away to settle down Steve and Frank, who had taken their shirts off and were waving them above their heads, trying to get on the news.
Through the next hour, Mina stayed in the gym, retelling the same story over and over.
Just when she didn't think it could get any more humiliating, it did.
By lunchtime she was on YouTube.
"That was exciting!"
Nan gushed as she pushed her tray along the lunch line.
She was wearing another black shirt, this time dedicated to a certain sparkly vampire.
She picked up an apple, turkey sandwich, and a pink frosted cupcake from the line and swiped her lunch card through the electronic reader.
Mina was too stressed to eat.
She grabbed chocolate milk from the cooler and paid, following Nan to their favorite table by the window.
They were stopped three times by students wanting pictures and autographs.
"I bet your followers have doubled," Mina commented as Nan waved cheerily at the group of freshmen, who kept pointing and whispering.
"Tripled!
But who's counting?"
She smiled.
Obviously, Nan was.
Mina shook her milk, and began to think about her string of bad luck getting to school.
"What's with the scowl?"
said Nan.
"You wouldn't believe the morning I had."
"I know.
I was here, remember."
"No, I'm talking about before I even got to school."
Mina began to relay the entire morning's events, even up to Principal Hame's office, but Nan only heard one thing.
"What!"
she squealed, kicking Mina excitedly under the table.
"Are you serious?
You get to go to Brody Carmichael's house?"
"Nan, you're not listening.
Something strange is going on.
I think I'm going crazy."
She looked out the window and could see the sky beginning to turn green, a sure sign that a storm was coming.
"You bet you are.
I can't believe you didn't tell me about the Carmichaels as soon as you saw me."
"You're missing the point."
"No, I heard it.
You're being terrorized by strange domestic animals.
I'll buy you some repellent."
"Don't forget the donkey.
I don't know if I would call that a domestic animal.
What do you make of that?"
"You said yourself it could have been a large dog.
But do you hear yourself?
You are going to Brody's house.
You've had a crush on him for two years.
When were you going to tell me?"
"I'm telling you now!"
"Are you excited?"
Nan leaned in eagerly, her hands likely itching for her iPhone.
"Not really, because I don't plan on going.
I was hoping you would go for me."
Mina slid the blue folder with the sticker of the Happy Maids logo across the table to Nan.
Nan looked at the folder in shock and slid it back.
"Uh, no!
This is your dreamy stalker moment, not mine.
You do it."
"I can't, Nan.
I just can't."
Mina looked at Nan and pleaded silently.
"I'm not ready to talk to him."
Nan peeled the paper from around her cupcake and gave it a bite.
"If you can't talk to him now, after you saved his life, you're never going to talk to him.
Besides I have a good feeling about this.
Trust me."
Mina wished she did trust Nan.
But every time Nan said those two words, Mina ended up in trouble.
"So how's Charlie?"
Nan said, changing the subject.
"He's doing well.
He really likes the new school."
Mina knew why her friend was trying to change the subject, but she let her get away with it.
"Do they think they can get him to talk?"
Nan asked, swiping her finger through the frosting on her cupcake.
Mina's brother Charlie was born shortly after their father died, and even though the doctors could find nothing wrong with him, he never spoke.
"They hope so.
They seem to think it's because he was in the womb when Dad died, that he absorbed some of Mom's post-traumatic depression or something."
"What do you think?"
Nan asked, licking the rest of the frosting from her fingers.
"I think Charlie doesn't speak because he doesn't need to."
"You still think he will just one day awake from whatever silent spell he's under and begin talking, like some sort of fairy tale?"
"Nan, you know I don't believe in fairy tales."
As soon as the words left Mina's mouth, a crash of thunder shook the cafeteria, and the lights flickered on and off.
Girls screamed in fright, and the boys laughed out loud, pointing fingers and trying to re-scare some of the girls.
"Whoa?freaky!"
Nan bobbed her head and looked around in wonder.
"That was cool."
They looked out across the campus and could see the wind begin to pick up, but no visible rain yet.
"It's just a storm," Mina tried to answer carelessly.
But her heart was racing with adrenaline.
When it finally settled, Mina went on, "But, Nan, if I believed in fairy tales, then wouldn't there have to be a dashing prince to save me from my pathetic life?"
"Well, you know," Nan began to counter?
"Forget it.
There are no happily-ever-afters.
Look at my mom-she's a maid, for crying out loud, a widowed mother with two children.
Where's her happy ending?"
Mina opened her chocolate milk and took a drink.
"There are no such things as fairy tales."
Another crash of thunder shook the metal roof of the ceiling, causing Mina to spill chocolate milk down her violet jacket.
A downpour of rain followed a second after, pinging loudly on the roof.
"Do you see what I mean?"
Mina pulled her wet hoodie away from her body as she tried to wipe up the mess with a wad of napkins.
"I'm cursed to be a loser forever."
"You know, Mina," Nan said thoughtfully as she grabbed napkins that didn't have frosting on them to help her friend.
"Not every tale has a happy ending.
In fact, many of them are grim."
Chapter 4
Mina couldn't believe she was doing this.
The only reason she'd decided to go through with it was because she heard a rumor that Brody was staying after school for a polo meeting.
But still, you never knew.
She was nervous just to meet Brody Carmichael's mom.
She hoped if she rode her bike like a madman, she could drop off the folder and ride out without seeing him.
So Mina did just that.
It was a fifteen-minute bike ride to Sunset Drive, and she was winded by the time she rode up to the palatial estate.
Every house, including Brody's, was surrounded by tall walls and heavy iron gates.
She pedaled over to the call box and hit the green button.
"No solicitors," a voice rattled through the high-tech electronic speaker.
Mina looked around in surprise and saw that a camera next to the gate had zeroed in on her.
Mina pushed the green button once more and leaned in.
"Um, I'm dropping off an information packet for Happy Maids.
We were told to bring it by this afternoon."
The voice didn't come back on right away.
Mina assumed it was because whoever was working the voice box was checking with the Carmichaels.
"Name?"
"Mina Grime."
"Enter.
Stay on the path.
Don't ride that thing on the grass!"
The giant iron gates swung inward, and Mina rode up the driveway, mesmerized by the extravagance that money provided.
What she had originally thought was the main house turned out to be the garage, which housed the family's vehicles.
Mina's whole family plus the Wongs could all live comfortably in the Carmichaels' garage.
The main house sat back from the street, three stories tall with a terra-cotta roof.
Majestic statues of horses were scattered throughout the estate, and Mina could see gardeners trimming hedges and mowing the manicured grass.
Behind the estate were training yards and stables for the Carmichaels' prized racehorses.
This was the first time Mina felt acutely aware of her family's small income in comparison to others.
She didn't really care about money, but she understood the phrase "out of her league."
She was embarrassed when she got to the steps of the main house and couldn't decide where to leave her bike.
With the kickstand broken, Mina tried to lean it against a pillar and got a heated look from a maid.
She went to lean it against a bush and received a horrified stare from the gardener.
Giving up, Mina let it lie in the driveway, its back wheel spinning pathetically.
She took the front steps two a time and found herself in front of huge mahogany double doors with a silver mustang knocker.
Knocking, Mina decided she would count to ten Mississippis, and if no one answered she would leave the packet and go home.
She'd only gotten to seven when Mrs. Carmichael herself opened the door.
Mina recognized the soft eyes and elegant smile, not to mention the signature pearls and perfect coif, from the tabloid magazines.
"Yes?"
Mrs. Carmichael asked sweetly.
"Hi, I'm Mina.
I'm supposed to deliver this Happy Maids packet on behalf of my mom."
Mina thrust the packet toward Mrs. Carmichael, hoping to get this delivery over with.
Mrs. Carmichael wasn't cooperating, because she didn't take the packet.
"I'm sorry, what?"
Her brow furrowed in confusion.
"My mother's boss, Terry Goodmother of Happy Maids, said you requested an informational packet.
I'm just dropping it off for them."
Mrs. Carmichael still looked confused, and Mina had a sinking feeling that this was a huge mistake.
"I'm sorry.
I must have the wrong residence."
She turned away in embarrassment.
"Wait!
What was your name again?"
Mrs. Carmichael called out.
Her eyes softened with compassion.
Or it could have been pity.
Mina had made it to the bottom steps and turned to look back up at Mrs. Carmichael.
"I'm Mina Grime."
"Mina.
You're the one who saved Brody!"
Her confusion disappeared and her face lit with happiness.
"We have much to thank you for?oh, Brody, watch out!"
she practically shouted.
Just when Mina had begun to wonder about Mrs. Carmichael's strange re-enactment, she heard a sickening crunch of metal on metal and turned to see her bike crushed to smithereens beneath the wheels of a black car.
"My bike!"
Mina groaned.
"Brody!"
Mrs. Carmichael yelled simultaneously.
Mina froze.
She didn't know what was worse-facing her long-time crush with a brown chocolate milk stain on her jacket, or the fact that he had just run over her pathetic bike with his expensive sports car.
The driver's door opened, and Brody jumped out of the car.
"Mina, I'm sorry!
Are you okay?"
Brody started to run up to them but then seemed to hesitate, stopping about halfway.
Mortified that Brody had run over her bike and with no good explanation as to why she was at his house, Mina could only think of one thing to do.
Run.
It was obviously a terrible mistake that had sent her to the Carmichaels' house, and a cruel twist of fate that led to Brody driving up and crushing her red bike.
Maybe if he had driven up and hit her car, it wouldn't have seemed so pathetic, but all Mina could think about was how when he asked his mother why she was there, it would seem like she was stalking him.
It wasn't until she'd reached the main gates and run through them that she realized she had dropped the info packet on the ground.
Oh, no!
He would know that her mom cleaned houses for a living.
Mina heard someone call her name, but she ignored it and turned the corner.
While she ran, tears formed in her eyes, and the cold wind swept them away.
She wanted to die of embarrassment.
Everyone at school would hear about how Mina made up some excuse to stalk Brody at his own house.
How she made up a fake pamphlet so she could talk to him.
How she was so desperate and poor that she rode her broken bicycle up to the mansion and how it was crushed like tin foil beneath Brody's expensive car.
If Mina were a stronger person, she would have confronted him about the bike, but when her whole reason for being there seemed fabricated, she lost her resolve.
It took Mina fifteen minutes to ride to the Carmichaels' house on her bike from school, but an hour to walk home from the Carmichaels'.
She was tired, sore, and grateful that the rain had stopped shortly after sixth period.
She couldn't imagine making this walk home in the rain.
When she finally reached the restaurant, Mrs. Wong called out to her.
"Woo-hoo!
Meenha.
I seen you in pahper today.
You beeg celebrity."
She walked out holding a newspaper with a picture of Mina splattered across the front page.
The article must have been written before the assembly, since they used Mina's high school yearbook picture.
Mina grabbed the paper and stared in shock.
It was the worst photo of Mina in school history.
She remembered that horrible day all too well.
Mina had attempted to wear makeup.
She'd even put her hair in rollers so it would look like Savannah White's and tried to wear something nicer than her signature hoodie.
In the end, her mom had gotten a flat tire, so Mina had to ride her bike in the rain.
Mina's makeup, curls, and clothes were drenched for the photo shoot.
"Oh, no!"
Mina grabbed the paper and crumpled it up.
"Has my mom seen this?"
"Yes."
Mrs. Wong smiled proudly.
"I show her as soon as she got home.
See!"
She pointed to the front window of her restaurant, where she had made a collage of Mina's face as part of a giant display.
"I advertise we have big star, live above us.
Good for business.
I bought every pahper from the store for miles."
Sure enough, there were five stacks of newspapers piled neatly against the red and gold door.
"Everyone that comes tonight gets complimentary free sample and pahper.
Business is dooming."
Mina groaned and handed the paper back to Mrs. Wong.
"You mean booming?"
"That's what I say, dooming."
Mrs. Wong smiled, her eyes disappearing behind her cheeks.
Mina trudged up the stairs and unlocked the door to their flat.
The neat and tidy apartment looked as if a storm had blown through.
"Mom!"
Mina called out.
Sara tore out of her bedroom with armloads of clothes and a wild look in her eye.
She dumped them into an open suitcase on their kitchen table, and turned and pointed at Mina.
"You!
Go pack!"
"Mom, why?
What's going on?"
"Don't you 'Mom' me."
Sara looked panicked.
"Do as I say.
We're leaving."
She flipped the lid on the suitcase and zipped it.
Mina grabbed the suitcase from her mother, and they tugged on it until Mina won.
"No, I'm not packing unless you tell me why.
This is crazy."
"Mina, we have to.
It's for your own good."
Mina noticed her mother's eyes were rimmed in red, but if she didn't get answers now, she never would.
"That might have worked on me when I was younger, but not anymore.
Charlie will listen to you without arguing, but I won't.
What's good for me is to stay here.
I have friends.
Well, a friend."
For a split second Mina almost decided that moving across country wouldn't be such a bad idea, after the terrible last two days.
But another look at her frantic mother gave Mina the determination she needed to make it through whatever disaster would unfold.
"You're still my daughter, and you will listen to your mother."
Sara turned on Mina and put her hands on her hips.
"Yes, Mother, I will listen to you gladly, and do whatever you tell me to, AFTER you explain why we are moving."
Mina was an obedient daughter, but she was also old enough now to shoulder some of the burden that plagued her mother.
"Tell me why we keep running.
I can help.
Don't you think I need to know?"
Sara's expression didn't change, but her shoulders dropped toward the floor as if they carried the weight of the world, or at least one teenager.
"I told you, it's for your own good."
"Is this because of the newspaper article?
About what happened on the field trip?"
Sara didn't say anything.
Her silence was the only answer Mina needed.
"It's because I saved someone's life isn't it?"
Mina challenged.
It was starting to make sense; a click went on in her brain that connected the pieces together.
"You always discouraged me from trying out for sports, and clubs.
You encourage me not to stand out and try to fit in, not to get noticed, to be a loser.
You always feared something terrible would happen to me, but that wasn't all of it, was it?"
Charlie walked into the kitchen with a small blue leather suitcase and began inserting his most prized possessions: bubblegum, baseball cards, his rock collection.
From a distance, there didn't look to be a single item of actual clothing.
Ignoring the discussion between his mother and sister, Charlie wandered around the kitchen and began to pack up his cereals.
"But I finally accomplish something.
I do something great like save a life, and for one day I'm a hero.
Granted, I hate being the center of attention, but that's it, isn't it?
You were afraid of something like this."
Sara sighed and collapsed onto a kitchen chair.
She rubbed her small hands over her face in anxiety.
"Something like that.
I was trying to keep you from getting too much attention."
Mina stood motionless, confused and angry.
"That doesn't make sense.
Isn't that the opposite of what mothers are supposed to say?
Don't you want me to succeed?"
"Darling, our family was meant for greatness, but the sacrifice that comes with it is too great.
I thought if I could keep you away from the spotlight, if I could keep you hidden, then maybe we could outrun it."
"Mom, I don't understand."
Mina began to shiver as a cold breeze wafted through the room.
Sara looked at her a long time before responding.
"You're right.
You're old enough to know the truth, to share the burden."
Sara waited until Charlie had left the kitchen and headed for a second round of favorite objects to pack away.
"Mina, I've lied to you about your name, about everything."
"Okay," Mina said, her voice sounding shaky.
"Our last name isn't Grime.
It's Grimm.
And for as long as I could remember, we've been trying to outrun it."
"Outrun what exactly?"
"Outrun what killed your father years ago?the Grimm curse."
Chapter 5
She felt as if her world were spinning uncontrollably.
"I think I need to sit down," Mina said pathetically.
Sara jumped from her chair to grab her daughter and led her to the small uncomfortable couch in the living room.
Mina was about to ask more questions, but Sara held up her hand to stop her.
"Please, sweetie, let me explain."
Taking a deep breath, Sara tried to gather her thoughts before proceeding.
"It goes farther back, to your great-great-great-grandfather, Wilhelm Grimm, and his brother, Jacob."
"The Grimms.
Do you mean the ones who wrote the fairy tales?"
"Yes, the very same.
And no, they didn't write most of them.
They collected them.
But more importantly, they actually lived the tales.
It's part of the curse that plagues the Grimm family.
Each generation is cursed, chosen, fated to relive the tales.
It is why the stories keep changing throughout history, as each Grimm's action or decision changes the outcome."
"Do you mean like Cinderella doesn't always get the prince?"
she joked.
"This is serious, but yes.
More often than not, the stepsisters do."
"Oh, come on, Mom.
You really believe this stuff?
This is what is making you pick up and run?
Why not try to get the prince and live in the castle?"
"Because that's not how it works."
Sara looked frustrated; she kept gnawing on her bottom lip as she pondered her words carefully.
"You don't get a choice in the tale.
You don't get a choice in the part you play, and if you remember, they don't all have happy endings.
Do you think everyone could survive reliving these tales?
Your Uncle Jack didn't."
Mina's jaw dropped in shock.
"But I thought that was an accident?"
Sara shook her head.
"The curse followed your uncle, and then when he died, it latched onto your father.
Strange things started happening, but he ignored the warning signs.
He believed that he was smarter and stronger than his brother and could make it through the stories till the end."
"Is there a way to stop it, to break the Grimm curse?"
"It's believed that if a descendant of a Grimm can survive all of the tales, then the Story will be satisfied.
Your father survived ten tales before he died."
Sara started crying and buried her face in the couch's throw pillow.
Mina felt her mouth go dry, and she had to lick her lips and clear her throat before she could ask the next question.
"How many tales are there total?"
Sara looked up, sniffed, and then looked over at her daughter.
"Oh, sweetie, I won't let it find you-it's why I changed our last name and why we keep moving.
Every time we move, it seems to take longer for the tale to find us, even longer if we don't do anything special to get ourselves noticed."
"How many?"
Mina repeated, feeling the strange tingling sensation throughout her body.
"We don't have to stay.
We can keep running, and it won't drag you into the tale.
You won't suffer the same fate as your father."
Mina stared at her mother hard.
Sara finally broke eye contact and whispered out, "Over two hundred.
Jacob and Wilhelm together made it through over one hundred and ninety, but they couldn't complete all of them before they died.
So then it started over again with Wilhelm's children.
Honey, they were the only ones to even come close to breaking the Grimm curse, and that was almost two hundred years ago.
More Grimms have tried to overcome it but didn't survive, like your father.
So I decided to try to run from it instead."
"Mom, I don't want to run."
"Mina, we have to.
I didn't think the curse would pass to you because you were a girl.
Your father assured me that the curse only passed to the males.
After he died, I thought we were safe.
I didn't know I was pregnant with Charlie until a few weeks after the funeral.
Once I knew it was a boy, there was really no choice.
We had to run and leave behind our past, even your father's name, to protect his future.
"I knew one day it would eventually come for Charlie, but I never expected it to choose you.
It wasn't until I saw you in the backyard talking to a frog that I realized your father was wrong.
Too many of the fairy tales had a female heroine, and you were too gifted and kind-hearted for the story to ignore."
"You make it sound as if it's alive."
"It is.
There is something far greater at work here than what the human mind can process.
It's ancient, it's old, and it's powerful.
Some say it's God, others say it's fate, but whatever it is, it can't be stopped."
"What about Charlie?"
Mina asked.
Her brother was back in the kitchen, and this time he was putting on every single piece of costume he owned, layer after layer.
A Spiderman suit, Batman's utility belt, and a Doctor Who scarf and hat.
"So far the story isn't interested in Charlie, not when it has you."
"So as long as I live, Charlie is protected?"
Mina looked over at her brother and felt her heart grow with a single-minded determination to protect him.
"Yes?honey, look at Charlie.
He's not strong enough to protect himself from the fate of the Grimm Story.
I can't lose you, and I can't lose Charlie.
You two are all I have left of your father."
Sara grabbed a few tissues from the box on the beat-up coffee table.
She picked at them, tearing them apart.
"Mom, I want to try to stop it."
Mina didn't know where her courage came from, but as soon as she said it, she knew it was true.
"No!
I forbid you.
Nothing strange has happened since the field trip, right?
We still have time to run."
Sara looked at Mina, and she could see the sliver of hope in her mother's eyes.
"Mom," Mina said, packing as much meaning into that one word as she could.
"It's too late, isn't it?
What happened?
What's been happening?"
Mina mentioned practically riding over a dog and donkey, and was shocked when Sara blurted out "and a cat and rooster" before Mina had even finished.
Sara blushed.
"I've read up on my tales.
Anything else?
Tell me exactly what happened on the tour," Sara demanded, and Mina did.
"Oh, this sounds bad.
It sounds like it could be another story, but I don't know which one.
It may already be too late.
Well, at least that stupid book hasn't appeared yet."
"What book?
Grimm's Fairy Tales?"
"Mina, trust me, it's better if we don't discuss this anymore.
Words have power, and it makes it that much easier for the Story to find you."
"What about the book?"
Mina asked again.
"Again, it's better to not to mention it.
The book is called The Grimoire.
It's the final piece of the puzzle.
Once it's found you, you know it's too late.
You are officially part of the Story's tales.
Only problem is, other things are looking for the book as well.
So it's best we leave before either of them find us."
Sara stood up and looked around the small living room, furnished with only a sofa, television, and a small rocker.
A rarely used fifteen-inch TV was in the corner, nestled against a few tattered books given to them by Mrs. Wong.
There were hardly any personal items in the home, and Mina finally understood why.
"Mom, I'm not leaving," she said.
"Yes, you are.
Think of your brother."
Sara blinked at her daughter in disbelief.
"I am thinking of Charlie, and that's why I'm not leaving."
Mina could feel herself begin to cry again, and pushed back at her tears with the back of her sleeve.
"I'm going to stop this.
I can do this.
I will do this, for him, for you."
Sara started to shake her head, but Mina continued angrily, "Mom, you can either help me or hinder me, but one way or another, the Story is going to catch up to us."
Sara sat down again and looked at her hands folded in her lap.
Tears slowly slid down her cheeks to land in wet drops on her khaki pants.
"I don't know if you can fight it.
I wish we could postpone this until you are older, stronger."
"I'm both, Mom.
You did great, but now it's my turn to take care of the family.
But I'm going to need your help."
Sara wiped at her own tears, and nodded her head in understanding.
"Okay.
What do you need me to do?"
Chapter 6
Walking to school the next morning, Mina felt like a completely different person.
She had answers to questions that had been plaguing her for years, though not all of them.
She knew why her family moved so much, why her mother always discouraged her from trying out for sports, from submitting to her school paper, or trying to get noticed in any way.
She felt as if her crazy teenage life now had meaning, a purpose.
She was a Grimm and had a legacy to uphold.
The fate of future generations of Grimms depended on her to finish the Story and break the curse on her family.
Mina had plenty of time to think everything over as she walked to school.
She had told her mother about the mix-up at the Carmichaels' and the fate of her bike, but had convinced her not to call up the Carmichaels in a fit and to let it go.
"Really, Mom, it was my fault, not theirs.
I left the bike in the middle of the driveway.
Plus, I wouldn't have been there if your boss Terry hadn't gotten the families mixed up."
"I don't understand-there's only one Carmichael family.
And you said they weren't expecting us?
Pretty strange."
Mina darted out of the door the minute her mother picked up the phone to call her boss.
When it started to sprinkle, she wished she would have checked the forecast.
A tingling sensation on the back of Mina's neck alerted her that she was being followed.
Picking up her pace, Mina kept her head up and tried not to make eye contact.
She was preparing to bolt when a car pulled up next to her and rolled down its window.
Mina wasn't sure what to expect: robbers, kidnappers, perhaps someone who was going to ask for directions and then force her in their car.
What she didn't expect was the polite way in which the driver asked, "Need a ride?"
"No, thanks," Mina shot back.
She picked up her pace, refusing to look at the driver.
The rain started to come down in bigger droplets, making her squint.
"Mina?please."
Mina's head turned in surprise to see Brody Carmichael driving alongside her in his SUV.
She faltered in her footsteps but kept moving.
How did he find her?
How did he know where she lived?
She knew her phone number and address were unlisted.
"Mina, I'm so very sorry about your bike.
It was an accident."
Brody looked apologetic.
Mina stopped walking.
"The least you could do is let me give you a ride to school.
It's raining."
It was raining, hard.
Mina blinked the rain out of her eyes and shivered.
Whether it was from the cold or the idea of sitting less than a foot from Brody Carmichael, she wasn't sure.
But when her teeth started to chatter, Brody darted out into the rain and ran to the passenger's door to open it for her.
"Get in, before you get sick."
Mina bobbed her head in answer and slid in, her wet jeans sticking miserably to the leather.
Her hair was now soaking wet, and large drops of water were dripping onto the seats of his car.
"I'm sorry."
Mina's teeth chattered as Brody ducked back into the car.
His large hand went to the console and turned on the heat.
He twisted in his seat and reached behind him to pull a clean shirt out of his gym bag.
"Here, use this."
He took the shirt and gently tried to wipe the water from her face.
Mina jumped from the touch, and he held out the shirt in a peace offering.
"Sorry," she said again.
Brody smiled out of the corner of his mouth.
"You sure do apologize a lot, when it's not even your fault."
"I'm getting your seat all wet."
She tried to use the shirt to wipe off the pools of water on the leather, but he reached out and touched her hand, stopping her efforts.
"It's just a car.
It'll dry."
He looked at Mina, and her heart fluttered.
He meant it; he wasn't lying or trying to appease her.
He didn't care about the car at all.
Mina let the heat of the car soak into her bones-no, wait, those were Brody's heated seats.
She was so nervous; she didn't know what to say or where to look.
Should she talk to him, look at him, ask him about his family?
She couldn't decide, so Mina did none of these things, staring quietly out the passenger window instead.
Brody cleared his throat.
"You know, you're one hard person to find."
Mina turned to look at him.
"What do you mean?
You were looking for me?"
Brody cast her a quick glance before focusing on driving again.
"Well, I tried to call you to apologize, but you were unlisted, and then no one I knew had your cell number."
"I don't have a cell phone."
Mina felt her cheeks turn pink; she must be the only girl in high school without a phone.
"I'm also not friends with anyone you would know."
Brody shrugged.
"I didn't know.
So then I was going to come to your house, but again?"
"Unlisted," Mina finished for him, glad for once that her mother paid a small fee to keep it that way.
She didn't know what she would have done had Brody showed up on her doorstep in the middle of yesterday's tearful confession.
"Brody, it's okay.
What happened yesterday was an accident.
I left it in the middle of the driveway.
It wasn't as if you ran me over."
Mina played with the edge of her sleeve.
She was doing it again, taking the blame.
"Then why did you run from me?"
Brody asked, looking at her.
"You didn't give me a chance to apologize or explain."
Mina hadn't anticipated this question and now desperately wished she was back outside, walking in the rain.
She lifted her shoulders pathetically in reply.
"I don't know."
A few minutes of silence filled the car, and then Mina turned on Brody.
"What were you doing on this side of town this morning?
I know for a fact that you live on the other side of town."
Brody chuckled and smiled at Mina.
"Looking for you."
"For me?
Why?"
Mina was numb with disbelief.
"I felt bad about what happened and wanted to find you.
So I had one of our employees do some digging and found out you lived in the international district.
I decided to head over here to find you.
I mean, I did destroy your only mode of transportation.
The least I could do was drive you to school."
She couldn't believe him.
He had someone do a background check on them?
"And lock me in the car, so I have to listen to your apology, right?"
Mina pursed her lips in anger.
"You had no right!"
she said.
"I had every right."
Brody pulled the car into the school parking lot.
He put the car in park and turned toward her, the windshield wipers still moving back and forth in rhythm with the rain.
"I knew that if I didn't find you outside of school, I might never get to apologize."
Mina scoffed.
"Oh, I understand.
I mean, after all, you're Brody Carmichael, and you have a certain social standing to uphold.
I'm just Mina Grimm, a nobody."
Mina realized she'd let her real name slip, but he didn't seem to notice.
He opened his mouth to argue, but Mina cut him off.
"It's okay.
You've apologized, see?
Apology accepted.
You've done your civic duty, and now you're off the hook.
Don't worry-we aren't going to sue or anything."
Mina grabbed for the door handle and exited the car, fuming at his nerve.
Doing everything she could to keep from running into school, Mina marched as quickly as possible toward the girl's bathroom and locked herself in a lone bathroom stall.
She couldn't believe she just had a fight with Brody.
Tears burned in her eyes from embarrassment and anger.
How could he?
she fumed.
Why would he go to all the trouble to search her out, to apologize, when he could have just done it at school?
It's because she was right-he was embarrassed by her.
Too bad that she, boring old Mina, had saved his life, and not some more exciting girl.
If only he knew.
Mina wiped away her tears and walked to the sink to compose herself.
The rain had added a slight wave to her brown hair, which was not unattractive.
It fell past her shoulders and was mostly dry, thanks to the awesome heaters in Brody's car.
She suddenly felt queasy as she remembered what she'd said to him in anger.
She hoped that it would all blow over and he would forget her.
The first warning bell rang, and three girls rushed into the bathroom to apply a final layer of makeup before class.
"Did you see Brody out there?"
one girl whispered.
"He looks angry.
I wonder what Savannah said to tick him off."
She pulled a giant can of aerosol hairspray out of her backpack and began to spray it all over her head.
Mina started to cough and back up from the sink.
"Didn't you hear?"
a brunette commented between mascara swipes.
"They are officially over."
"Since when?"
the chunky one asked.
"Since that day when he almost died."
"But I thought they got back together?"
Aerosol Girl commented.
"Only for a few hours.
I heard he broke it off after school."
"Excuse me," Mina interrupted, and all three heads snapped in her direction.
Each of them appraised her, and the chunky one frowned in disapproval.
"Did you say that Brody is outside these doors?"
"What's it to you?
Thinking you're going to move in now that he's single?
I can tell you right now, you're not his type."
The dark-haired girl and the heavier girl laughed.
"Actually, I'm trying to avoid him."
The dark-haired girl appraised her once more before she answered, "Not anymore.
He was pacing outside for a few minutes, but I saw him head toward his first class."
Mina sighed.
"Thanks."
She rushed out of the bathroom and made it to her first-hour class just in time for the second bell.
Mina slid into her desk, and Nan immediately leaned over and whispered, "Is it true?"
"Is what true?"
Mina whispered back, pulling out her history textbook.
"That Brody drove you to school.
Are you two an item?"
Mina couldn't believe how fast things spread in this school.
"No!
He gave me a ride, and that's it."
"But I saw?"
Nan started.
"Please, Nan, I will tell you at lunch.
I promise."
Nan must have seen the anguish in her best friend's eyes, because she let the subject drop.
Sighing, she leaned back and looked at her brand-new iPhone, a gift from a friend of the family's after they learned she dropped it trying to help Mina and Brody.
Nan's fingers gently tapped a response to the text message she had received moments ago.
Upset.
Give time.
Chapter 7
"Spill," Nan demanded once they had taken their trays far away from prying ears.
Mina had selected the table farthest from the one Brody sat at with his friends.
"It's entirely your fault, Nan.
I went to deliver the stupid packet because you wouldn't do it.
And after totally embarrassing myself in front of Mrs. Carmichael, who had no clue why I was there, Brody drove up and ran over my bike."
"O-M-G!"
Nan spelled aloud.
"What did you do?"
"I was so embarrassed, I ran."
"You what?"
Nan jumped back and slapped the table.
"Exactly.
And when I got home, my mom had gone on a packing binge and was ready to move us to Alaska."
"But how does that lead to this morning?"
"He stalked me!
He got an employee to find out where I lived and then drove up and down my streets like a stalker.
Supposedly he wanted to give me a ride because he felt bad for crushing my bike."
"Um, Mina," Nan said softly.
Mina ignored her, peeling her orange with a vengeance.
"Yeah, and then he had the gall to tell me he wanted to apologize before we got to school, because he knew he wouldn't once we were in school.
Geez, he is so stuck up."
"Mina-" Nan tried to interrupt her friend as she attacked her helpless fruit.
"I'm telling you, Nan, he is afraid to be seen in public with me.
Even after I saved his life and all."
Mina shoved an orange slice into her mouth and bit down.
"Mina, I think someone wants to talk to you."
Nan smirked.
"Mffwha?"
Mina said, her mouth stuffed with orange.
She looked around the cafeteria and saw that Brody's usual spot with the polo team was empty.
He was, in fact, standing behind her, tray in hand, looking perhaps more embarrassed than she was.
"Hi, Mina."
He smiled.
"Is this seat taken?"
Brody dropped his tray on the table without waiting for her to answer.
How much had he heard?
Once she had stopped coughing, she turned on him.
"What are you doing?"
she whispered, looking around the room.
People were staring at them.
"I know you thought our conversation was over, but it's not," Brody said, his blue eyes twinkling with challenge.
"All right, you've proven your point.
You're not embarrassed to be seen with me in public.
So you can go now."
Mina waved her hands as if shooing away a fly, but Brody just grinned at her.
"You see, what you said in the car made me angry.
Until I realized it's not true."
Brody leaned over to get closer to Mina's ear.
"I'm not uncomfortable to be seen with you in public.
You are.
You don't want to be seen with me."
His breath tickled her ear, making her melt until she'd processed the words he spoke.
"That's not true," she replied.
"Then prove it," he said.
His eyes darkened with meaning.
"Prove to me you're not ashamed of me."
Mina looked at Brody fearfully and then over at Nan, who had wisely kept her mouth shut.
Nan nodded encouragingly at her.
Mina hung her head in shame.
It wasn't Brody she was embarrassed about.
It was herself.
She was a walking, talking catastrophe, and why in the world would Brody want to hang out with her?
"Why, Brody?
Why do this?"
Mina asked, looking up at him.
"I don't understand.
We have nothing in common.
I've saved your life, but that's as far as this friendship needs to go?really."
Brody looked hurt.
Mina wished she could take back the words as soon as they left her mouth, but she was only trying to protect herself.
He had to be playing with her.
Brody stared at his tray of food for a minute and then looked up at her.
His eyes bored into hers.
"Mina, you did more than save my life, and I'm trying to show you.
But you have to meet me halfway."
He picked up his tray and walked away from their table, dumping the uneaten contents in the trash.
Students turned to watch him walk out, and they kept turning until they were looking toward Mina's table.
One student in particular couldn't tear her gaze away from Mina.
Her eyes flared angrily when Mina caught them on the way up from her phone's screen, and she did not look away.
Mina looked at Nan with wide eyes, hoping she'd just imagined what she'd seen: Savannah White, the most popular girl in school, mouthing the words "you're dead."
*** The rest of the day dragged on.
Mina never got to speak with Nan about the Grimm family curse, and nothing interesting appeared or followed her around school, so Mina hoped the Story had forgotten about her.
Mina was so preoccupied with the Grimm curse, Savannah, and Brody that she was pretty sure she flunked her history test.
She felt numb as she handed an almost blank test to her teacher.
When the final 3:30 bell rang, Mina breathed in relief.
She could now go to the public library and try to research more about her family's history.
Walking to her locker, Mina was surprised to see the number of students surrounding it.
She decided to hang back and wait until the crowd dissipated so she could grab the rest of her books and leave, but the number didn't budge.
Putting her head down to enter the mob, Mina clumsily maneuvered to her locker, stepping on toes, saying, "Excuse me," bumping elbows.
It wasn't until someone grabbed her elbow to steady her that she saw the reason for the crowd of students.
Brody was leaning against her locker, and he was holding her elbow.
"See you guys later!"
Brody ordered the crowd.
Unbelievably, the group of students left until it was just the two of them.
"How do you get used to it?"
Mina asked.
"I've dealt with it all my life, so I learn to tune it out."
Brody looked sad until he turned to Mina and his face lit up with delight.
"You ready?"
he asked.
"For what?"
Mina looked around, confused.
"To go home."
"Of course," she answered, reaching behind him to open her locker.
She grabbed her backpack, embarrassed by its pathetic state.
Dropping it in her hand, she tried to move away from him, but he snatched the backpack and hoisted it on his shoulder.
"Hey, give that back!
I can carry my own backpack," she said, putting her hands on her hips.
"I know, but this way I guarantee that you will follow me."
"Don't count on it," Mina grumbled, stopping in the hallway, refusing to budge.
When she saw that Brody just kept walking, even turning the corner with her backpack still in hand, she had no choice but to follow meekly behind.
Once she caught up, Brody turned around and started walking backward.
"See, I know you."
"No, you don't.
You just met me," Mina countered.
"But I would like to get to know you," Brody said, smiling.
"If you would let me."
Brody walked them out to his car, and once again he opened the door for her.
When Mina was safely inside with her seatbelt buckled, Brody started the car.
"Where to?"
"I thought you knew everything about me.
So you should know where I live."
"Uh, not really.
My father's friend had problems pinpointing the exact address.
He only knew the area.
Why is that?"
he asked.
"Are you hiding from the mob or something?"
"Or something," she answered.
"Can you take me to the library?"
"The library!
My, aren't we studious."
Mina rolled her eyes and went for the door, but Brody stopped her again.
"Hey, I'm kidding around.
The library it is."
He turned the key in the ignition and pulled out of the parking lot, putting on their local pop music station for the drive.
The silence seemed to drive a wedge between them, but Mina wasn't going to be the first one to speak.
A few exits later, they pulled into the parking lot of the town's small white library.
Mina jumped out as soon as the car pulled to a stop.
"Thanks for the ride.
And sorry.
You know, about earlier.
I'm sure you're a nice person."
She gave Brody a fake smile, grabbed her backpack, and shut the car door.
Brody's door opened, and he shut his door after her.
"You don't have to stay," she told him.
"I'm going to be here for a while."
"I'll wait for you.
You're even farther away from home than before, and I'm definitely not letting you walk home alone."
"I can call for a ride.
My mom will be home soon," Mina said, speaking quickly.
This was definitely not a research trip she wanted to share.
Brody looked at her.
"Mina, you are not getting rid of me that easily.
I'm already here.
Let me help you."
"I don't need help."
"All right.
Then let me come and do my own thing.
I need to study, too, you know."
Brody swung his own bag over his shoulder and walked up the steps through the glass doors.
Once again, Mina had no choice but to follow behind.
Mina loved the smell of libraries, loved the smell of old books and the soft hum of the lights.
It was probably why she was so out of tune with kids her age.
She didn't watch a lot of TV, and she spent more time reading than socializing, except for hanging out with Nan.
Once she'd shooed Brody away, Mina walked past Mrs. Toole, the head librarian, stopping only long enough to wave, and headed straight for the reference section.
Scanning the numbers and stopping at 398.2, Mina began pulling out various collections of tales and individual stories.
"What's with the fairy tales?"
she heard suddenly, and again there was Brody, taking the books from Mina to stack them against his chest.
"Homework," Mina replied distractedly.
"I thought you had some of your own."
"What classes are you taking that you get to read kids' books?"
he said, reading the spines.
"Maybe I should take it."
Mina grinned.
"It's for a project at home, not school.
And I can carry them myself."
She grabbed the stack from Brody and made her way to an empty table in the back of the library.
Sitting down, Mina grabbed a book and began searching for clues while keeping alert for Brody and his habit of sneaking up on her.
Within a few minutes she saw him stretching out at a table nearby, reading a small paperback.
Mina found it difficult to do any reliable searching with Brody sitting a few feet from her, but he didn't look uncomfortable at all.
She would have thought that he would be antsy and dying to get out of the library.
She found herself unable to stop sneaking glances, enthralled with his lanky posture, the way his blond hair fell over his eyes as he turned the pages.
He seemed content, at peace.
Once, his eyes met hers and she blushed in embarrassment, hoping he didn't think she'd been staring at him.
After two hours of trying to concentrate, reading as many fairy tale histories as she could, she slammed the latest book closed, fatigued.
Brody had barely moved, but he looked up at her with a worried expression.
"Come on.
Let's get you something to eat."
He took the book from her hand and laid it on the table.
"No, I'm fine?really."
Mina's heart beat faster with worry.
If she went to get food with Brody, that would be too close to a real date.
"I'm hungry.
I didn't eat much at lunch today."
Heat rose up the back of her neck as she recalled that he'd dumped his lunch in the garbage.
This time, she didn't argue.
They left the library, and Brody drove toward a small '60s drive-in, where he ordered hamburgers and fries for them both at the speaker box.
"I didn't know they still had these," she said in awe.
"Yup.
Isn't it great?
My parents took me here all the time when I was a kid.
I was obsessed with the speaker box, so my parents always let me order for everyone.
One time I ordered eight milkshakes, so we drove them back and gave them to our staff."
Brody smirked, his eyes twinkling with mischief.
Mina was stunned by his good looks and completely lost her train of thought.
When the food came, they ate and talked about funny stories from their childhood.
At one point, she realized Brody was watching her out of the corner of his eye and secretly smiling.
"What's wrong?
Do I have food on my face?"
Mina asked, suddenly nervous.
Brody threw his head back and laughed.
"No, but why do you ask?"
"You've got a funny look.
What's wrong?
You can tell me."
"I'm smiling because I can't figure you out.
You're different.
You don't act like other girls."
"Oh?I see."
She remarked unhappily and put her French fry back into its container.
She had lost her appetite.
"No, you don't see."
He turned in the seat so he could face her.
"Look at me."
Mina kept her head down.
"Mina, please look at me."
He very gently reached over and with one finger lifted her chin so that his dark blue eyes bore into hers.
"You are unlike any girl I've met.
You don't talk incessantly about hair and makeup.
You tell me what you're feeling, instead of telling me what you think I want to hear.
You're content to sit with me without filling the silence with needless chatter.
You eat food-real  food-not  rabbit food."
He plucked up the fry Mina had put back in her container and ate it in one big bite.
"And you're not constantly texting or talking on a cell phone."
"I don't own one," Mina reminded him.
"Exactly, and I like that about you."
"You like that I don't own a cell phone?
You must be crazy."
"Maybe I am," he said with a small smile.
"Just being with you has a calming effect on me, do you know that?
My life is so?hectic.
So many people surrounding me, trying to be my friend, trying to tell me who I should be and what I should become, that I tend to tune out the real world.
I spent so long going through the motions just to make the background noise fade, but when I'm near you, it's gone.
The pressure to be something or someone I'm not is gone."
"Oh, well," she started, stunned and unsure what to say.
"You're welcome, I guess.
More fries?"
Brody laughed, and took her up on her offer.
They ate the rest of the meal in comfortable silence, sneaking smiles at each other.
Mina had never felt happier.
Brody had now spent a few hours in her presence and still seemed to be enjoying her company.
She wasn't sure what this would mean when they got back to school, but for now, it was bliss.
Mina asked to be dropped off a few blocks from home.
"If my mom sees you, she will flip.
She's not too happy that you destroyed my bike."
Brody became still.
"I understand," he said quietly, too quietly.
He pulled over and watched Mina get out of his car.
"Thanks," she called to him through the open window and waved.
As soon as he was out of sight, she ran home to call Nan.
*** The next morning followed a similar routine.
Brody appeared on Mina's street and picked her up as she was walking to school.
To Mina's great surprise, he sat with her at lunch as well.
She was actually starting to like having Brody as a friend, if she could quit thinking about what revenge Savannah might have planned.
So far it was only nasty rumors that Nan, queen of all social media, quickly dismissed.
Of course Nan was thrilled to have Brody at their table and talked nonstop the whole lunch hour.
Brody would shoot Mina smirks when Nan would go on a rant about one of her reality shows.
He seemed to enjoy her company as well.
Mina looked for Brody by her locker after school, and felt a pang of sadness when he wasn't there.
Maybe he had gotten tired of her?
After all, she wasn't that exciting.
But when she opened her locker to grab her bag and shut the locker, he was right behind the door.
"Oh!
You scared me."
Mina put her hand to her heart.
"I would never do that on purpose."
"If I didn't know better," Mina frowned at Brody, "I'd say you're definitely stalking me."
"Of course.
I'm trying to prove to you that I don't care about social status, and you promised to give me a chance."
Brody grabbed her backpack and marched off with it toward his car.
"I promised no such thing," she said after him.
When she caught up, Brody reached for her hand, and they walked to his car hand in hand.
Mina felt as if she were on cloud nine and three-quarters, but a shiver of doubt cast a shadow on her happiness.
This couldn't be happening.
It just wasn't right, just didn't fit with the long string of bad luck that had followed her all her life.
Brody high-fived one of his friends on the way to the car, a jock who'd never be caught dead speaking to her.
She didn't belong with someone like Brody.
She was used to the stares and whispers about being an oddball, but ever since Brody had started paying attention to her, the whispers had gotten worse.
She even got a rude letter shoved into her locker after lunch, probably from one of Savannah's friends.
She stopped ten feet from Brody's car, refusing to take another step.
"Brody, really, this is unnecessary.
It's a little overboard, with the rides to school and back, sitting with me at the lunch table.
I think you've proven your point.
You were right-I was the one who was uncomfortable with you, not the other way around.
And I think you've paid back your debt."
Mina stood as still as she could, half-hoping and half-dreading that he would confess.
Brody refused to let go of her hand.
With his other hand, he lifted her petite chin so she could look into his eyes.
Were people looking?
Mina tried not to care.
"Please believe me when I say that this isn't about a debt I owe or a bet to prove myself."
"I feel like this is some sort of sick joke, and you're trying to mess with my emotions."
Mina turned away from his touch.
"This isn't, believe me."
Brody leaned forward, tantalizingly close to her mouth, but a bunch of catcalls and whistles alerted them to their very loud teenage audience.
"Grimey gold-digger!"
Mina stiffened and pulled away, but not far enough that Brody couldn't steer her back toward his car.
She got in it without a word, happy to be out of sight.
For the rest of the ride she stared out the window in silence, ignoring Brody's worried glances, lost in her thoughts.
Grimey gold-digger?
They thought she was after Brody for his money?
It was the farthest thing from the truth.
Yes, she had secretly crushed on him from afar, but it had nothing to do with his money.
This was worse than she had imagined.
Mina was so distracted by her own inner monologue that she was surprised when Brody pulled up to the library again.
"How did you know?"
Mina asked, speaking for the first time since entering the car.
"I knew that you were looking for something pretty hard yesterday, and it didn't look like you found it.
Maybe if you tell me, I can help you look for it today?"
Mina shook her head.
"I don't know what exactly I'm looking for.
All I know is that I'll know it when I see it."
Brody followed Mina into the library with his book bag, and they headed toward the table she'd sat at before.
This time he brought homework and was content to sit with Mina as she pored over encyclopedias, journals, and microfiche film.
After another three unsuccessful hours, Mina was ready to give up.
"You didn't find what you were looking for, did you?"
he asked.
"Afraid not."
Mina leaned back in her chair and rubbed her eyes.
"I'm going to check another shelf.
I'll be right back."
Brody raised one eyebrow at her in disbelief.
"I promise I won't run off without telling you.
After all, I don't want to walk home."
Mina walked a few aisles down and peeked through the shelves to spy on Brody.
What was he doing here?
She couldn't fathom why he would want to hang out with her, especially in a library.
She would have thought he would have gotten bored and gone home already, but to stick with her for two whole days?
Leaning against the shelf, Mina felt defeated.
She was here to look for a clue, not pine over Brody.
She needed a sign, anything to help her family.
Yesterday she had finally convinced her mother to tell her everything she knew about the Grimm family curse and the Story.
Supposedly there were signs that would appear to tell her she was the chosen one.
Like the appearance of animals.
Sara also explained that once she was chosen, the Grimoire would appear, a book of power that was supposed to aid her.
"How do I get the book?"
Mina had asked, feeling as if she was already losing precious time in breaking the curse.
"You don't," Sara told her.
"It will come to you."
"What do you mean?
Didn't Father have it, and Uncle Jack before him?"
"Your father did, but after his passing, the book disappeared.
Its own way of protecting itself, I guess.
When the Story chooses the next Grimm member, the book decides if it's going to help them."
"What do you mean, it decides?"
she'd asked.
"Shouldn't it just automatically help the next family member?"
"Unfortunately, no.
The book goes into hiding, and then it chooses whether or not to appear and help.
What if the next Grimm descendent wasn't honest, was greedy and selfish?
What if they were evil?
The Grimoire would be a terrible weapon in the wrong hands.
So it must protect itself, and after you've been weighed and tested, then it will make itself known to you."
"That sucks."
Mina furrowed her brows in thought.
"Where did it appear to Dad?"
she asked.
"In a library in Nebraska."
"Okay.
So what about our library?"
"Worth a try," Sara said, shrugging, "I suppose it couldn't hurt to look for it."
Mina sat in silence as she thought through her options.
"Why is it called a Grimoire, anyway?
I thought that was something evil, or a book of spells or something."
"No, honey, it's just a record of the tales your family members have lived through.
Over time, it has gained powers of its own.
If your ancestor's name was Smith, it would have been called the Smithoire.
But, Mina, are you sure you want to do this?
We're talking about very powerful magic."
Sara then spent the next hour trying to talk Mina out of following through on finding the Grimoire.
In the library, her first approach was to open up every book on fairy tales and see if she could find the Grimoire.
It looked different according to each person who held it, her mother had told her.
So it could be disguised as a children's book, a magazine, a Bible, anything.
But maybe it wouldn't appear to Mina, because she hadn't yet proven herself worthy.
Apparently saving Brody Carmichael's life wasn't enough.
Mina was about to give up when something white caught her eye, and she stood up.
Bending down, she tried to see between the shelves and over the books.
There it was again, a flash of white.
Following it, Mina crept along, keeping herself low to the ground.
There!
She caught a glimpse of white feathers.
What?
The feathers surprised her, and she stopped in her tracks, confused.
Was this some kind of joke?
After a moment, Mina hurried to catch up to her quarry The way it moved made her realize this wasn't human but definitely a bird.
The animal squawked, confirming her suspicions, and Mina followed the noise down a corridor.
Maybe it was a clue and would lead her to the Grimoire.
She ducked into another aisle and saw that she'd been chasing a goose, which was now headed toward a back emergency exit.
The door was already propped open, and she watched as the bird stepped through it.
Running after the goose, Mina plowed through the emergency exit door and came into a dark back alley.
The sun had set, and steam rose from the sewer grates behind the library.
Almost instantly the hair rose on Mina's arms in fear.
Something was wrong.
Turning, she tried to catch the door back into the library, but it had shut and locked automatically.
Mina strained to get her eyes to focus, but there wasn't any sign or a single stray feather from the stupid white goose.
It had disappeared.
More tingling began in Mina's body, and she recognized it as a warning sign.
She was reacting to the power of the Story.
Something or someone was here.
Chapter 8
A low growl made Mina turn with her back to the door.
A large man stepped out of a darkened doorway across the alley and came to stand before Mina.
He looked primeval, with long black greasy hair, a pointed nose, and golden eyes that seemed to reflect the light.
His chest was bare, covered only by a worn black vest.
"Give it to me and I'll let you live."
The man's voice rumbled deep in his chest, more animal growl than human.
"Give you what?"
Mina asked, stepping back in fear.
"The Grimoire."
The man stepped closer but still kept his distance, keeping one foot out of the protective circle cast by the light.
"I don't know what you're talking about," she said, proud that her voice didn't crack with fear.
"Stupid girl.
We know the Story has chosen you.
Where is it?"
he growled again, his lips pulling back from sharp teeth.
"I d-don't have it," Mina stuttered.
"It hasn't shown itself to me.
I swear."
The man flexed his fingers and walked into the circle of light, illuminating a wolf tattoo that covered his whole chest.
Mina yelped and backed farther away until she felt the hard door behind her back.
"Then you must die."
The man with the wolf tattoo lunged at Mina and grabbed for her upper arms.
Mina tried to run under his arm, but he was too strong and too fast.
Within half a second he had her around the waist.
Screaming for help, she kicked and punched, vainly trying to make contact.
The man turned her swiftly and hit her hard in the face, then lifted her as if she was a rag doll and tossed her off into the alley.
Mina's scream was cut short as she landed in a pile of cardboard boxes, better than concrete but still hard enough to knock the wind out of her.
Her face throbbed in pain.
The wolf man sauntered toward Mina, who was nearly paralyzed with fear, and grabbed the front of her blue hoodie in one fist.
With a grin that showed off his sharp teeth, he lifted Mina into the air, her Converse dangling helplessly below her.
She felt tears come as his grasp on her collar began to choke her, and she began to see spots.
She dug her nails into the man's hands, hoping to loosen his hold, but he only seemed more excited at the sight of the blood.
Darkness began to fill her vision, along with grief for her mother and brother.
She had failed them before her quest had even gotten started.
She had nearly resigned herself to her fate when she saw movement out of the corner of her eye.
A loud crack split the air, followed by a howl of pain.
Mina fell to the ground, limp, struggling to regain her breath.
Opening her eyes, she saw Brody standing over her attacker with a broken 2x4.
She tried to tell him to run but couldn't catch her breath; her throat was on fire.
The man was stunned for a minute and then lunged at Brody, clumsily grabbing his midsection and knocking him to the ground.
Brody held his own and fought back, landing a punch in her attacker's lower jaw.
The man must have been dazed, for after a few unsuccessful lunges and missed punches, he finally ran off, swearing at her.
"We will be back, and one way or another, we'll get it," the man howled.
Brody was immediately at Mina's side.
"Mina, are you hurt?
Are you okay?"
He ran his hands gently up and down Mina's arms, searching for broken bones, but his touch sent shivers up them instead.
"I'm fine," Mina answered, trying to shake off Brody's warm touch.
Brody grabbed Mina's face between his hands and searched her face for bruising.
She let the tears come freely now, grateful to have a kind-hearted person by her side, to have survived the attack, to be alive.
Brody helped Mina to her feet and then tucked her against his side protectively.
She leaned into Brody's chest for support and took comfort in his arm wrapped around her shoulder.
Breathing in the warm scent of his shirt, cologne, and sweat, Mina felt safe, secure, until she stumbled on her own feet.
He must have felt Mina falter, so, without waiting for her approval, he bent down and picked her up in his arms, intent to get her out of the alley and somewhere safe.
She protested, but not for long.
When he got to his car, he put her inside and buckled her in.
Mina knocked his hands out of the way, trying to get him to quit messing with her seatbelt, to let him know she wasn't helpless.
He smiled and handed her the buckle.
He peeled onto the road and pushed on the gas, making the high-performance car accelerate with barely a sound.
It wasn't until Mina saw that he was going forty over the speed limit that she thought to panic.
"Brody, slow down!"
she yelled.
He pounded the steering wheel in frustration, his blue eyes stormy with anger.
"Stop!
If you're going to drive like a crazy person, you'll have to let me out!"
When Brody didn't seem to hear her, she began to panic, grabbing the door for safety.
Finally he got his temper under control and slowed the car down.
"I'm so sorry, Mina.
I should have been there to protect you."
He reached out to touch her bruised cheek, but Mina flinched back in fear.
He dropped his hand dejectedly.
She had hurt him unintentionally.
"You see, now you're scared of me.
I'm not angry at you-I'm angry at myself that you got hurt."
Brody looked at Mina, and she could see fear written in his eyes.
"Brody, it could have been worse.
A lot worse.
But you saved me."
Mina gently reached out to touch Brody's arm, to comfort him, to show him that she wasn't afraid.
"Who was he, Mina?"
Brody's jaw clenched and unclenched in anger.
"I don't know," Mina answered truthfully.
"Some guy in an alley.
An evil, evil man."
She watched as Brody's knuckles turned white on the steering wheel.
"He threatened you, and you don't know who he was.
He seemed to want something.
He said he'd be back."
"I told you, I don't know who he is.
And I don't have what he wants."
Mina felt her own anger rise.
"But you know what it is?"
Brody asked, unbelieving.
"If you know what he's after, then give it to him."
"I don't have it, and even if I did, I couldn't give it to him.
You have to believe me."
"Maybe I could, Mina, if you told me what's going on."
He looked at her accusingly, but Mina's silence was the only answer that Brody got.
"Please take me home now," she said a few minutes later.
"Absolutely not!
We need to go to the police."
"No, I want you to take me home.
I don't want to go to the police, and if you take me I will deny everything."
Mina turned on Brody angrily.
"I never asked you to get involved.
I never asked you to sit with me and chauffeur me around.
Hanging out with me for two days does not give you permission to decide what I should and should not do.
Besides, this would never have happened if you hadn't run over my bike!
I never asked for your help, and I don't want it.
Take me home."
The last words flew from her mouth, and she instantly regretted her tone.
But it was too late to take them back; the damage was done.
Neither of them spoke a word until they reached the international district, delineated by faded Mexican stands and restaurants and the occasional Chinese joint.
She demanded he stop one block from her home.
"Stop, here!"
She pointed, and Brody pulled over.
"Mina, I'm sorry!"
Brody began but was interrupted by Mina's sudden exit from the car.
Mina quickly slipped between the colorful stalls and people, trying to lose him.
She waited until his car pulled away into the night and she could no longer see his taillights.
When Mina was sure Brody wasn't on her street, she ran all the way home, trying hard not to look over her shoulder.
She grabbed her key to the blue street-level door, ran straight up the stairs, and yelled goodnight to her mom, claiming she was tired.
Once safe, Mina crawled into bed, cradling her hands around her knees, and cried herself to sleep, wishing she hadn't stumbled on the Pandora's box that was her family's curse, and wondering how she'd ever survive.
Chapter 9
Mina had the full intention of going to school the day after the attack by covering her bruises with makeup.
She was about to tell her mother about the attack at the library, but then decided against it when Sara took one wide-eyed look at the bruise and began to shake.
Mina quickly played it off as another clumsy gym class incident, which was not uncommon for Mina, and it seemed to ease her mother's fears.
If Sara found out that her daughter had been attacked by a large man in the alley, she would make them run again, Mina knew.
She went to the small closet that housed the family's laundry and reached into the dryer to pull out a clean hoodie.
"What the??"
Mina said aloud.
The hoodie she'd pulled out was red, and she hated the color red.
She reached up to pull out another zippered jacket.
This one was red, too.
In fact, all of Mina's hoodies were now permanently red.
Her mother had warned her that the Story would try to mold Mina's lifestyle into a fairy tale, but she hadn't believed it until now.
When she went to show her mother, she could tell it shook her, perhaps more than anything that had happened so far.
Sara didn't blink an eye when Mina asked to stay home from school.
Something about the red jackets terrified her mother into compliance.
Sara went on a one-woman war against the color red.
She threw every piece of red clothing in the house in the garbage.
She scoured the house high and low for every red ribbon, washcloth, marker, and pen, and even burned the red Christmas stockings.
Gone.
All of it, gone.
Sara bought Mina new clothes and a few new hoodies at the local Target, despite their limited budget.
She brought home blue, lavender, and white zippered jackets to replace Mina's other ones.
They lasted a day.
The next morning, Mina opened up her closet to find another sea of red.
She pulled down a hoodie that she knew yesterday had been a beautiful royal blue; it even said so on the tag.
Today it was a deep red.
Mina grabbed the next jacket, and the next.
All red.
Thankfully, none of the denim had been changed, so she grabbed a pair of jeans and matched them with a red shirt and red jacket.
Otherwise, she'd have looked like a bright red tomato.
These events only encouraged Mina more.
By Saturday, she was even more determined to find the Grimoire.
She had to, as she knew her very life, and that of her brother, depended on it.
Hearing voices, Mina entered the kitchen and smiled when she saw Nan sitting at the breakfast table with Charlie.
Nan wore a stocking cap over her blonde braids and a t-shirt layered over a long sleeve shirt.
She sat in front of a bowl filled with three different cereals.
Charlie had a huge grin on his face exactly parallel to Nan's deep frown as she dug in.
After she managed a few bites without puking, she stood up and pointed her finger at him.
"Ha!
I'm telling you, I have a stomach of steel.
I can eat any kind of concoction you come up with."
Nan did a little victory dance around the table, and Charlie shook his head and pointed to his own bowl of cereal.
Frowning, Nan leaned over to look at his bowl.
"What?
I used the same cereals that you did!
I've got Cocoa Puffs, Lucky Charms, Raisin Bran, and Mini Wheats.
What else could you have fit in there?"
Nan was one of the few people who had no problem carrying on a one-sided conversation with Charlie.
Considering that she usually talked enough for three people, anticipating what Charlie was going to say was probably easy for her.
Or so Mina guessed.
Nan picked up Charlie's spoon and began to dig around in his bowl to see what else he'd put in there.
"I don't see it.
I made mine the same, and I ate half of the bowl, so I win, pipsqueak."
Dropping the spoon into the bowl with a clank, Nan sat back down and put her foot on the table.
"Pay up."
Charlie grinned again and shook his head no.
Standing up, he went over to the small refrigerator and yanked the door open.
A few seconds later he emerged holding a brown bottle of caramel syrup.
Walking over, he put it down next to Nan's half-eaten cereal bowl with a satisfied grin.
Nan sat up in disbelief.
"No way!"
She leaned back over and looked closely at the tan-colored milk in Charlie's bowl.
Her victorious grin faded as she realized what she had to do.
"That is some serious sugar going on there.
How in the world do you sleep at night?"
Nan asked respectfully.
She never criticized Charlie, or ridiculed him for his weird eating habits, but praised him for his uniqueness.
"So I have to add this to my cereal, huh?"
Charlie's smile got wider.
Nan gulped visibly, and her hand wavered for an instant in front of the bottle, but she took one look at the smiling boy and regained her resolve.
Popping open the top, she poured a few good tablespoons into the bowl and mixed it up with her spoon, watching Charlie the whole time.
Right before her first bite, she paused and pursed her lips in thought.
Suddenly she jumped up and went to the fridge, rummaging around inside, and came back with a white and blue container.
Retrieving a clean spoon, Nan scooped a huge tablespoon of the mixture into her cereal.
Charlie's face went green with disgust.
Charlie hated cottage cheese, and Nan knew it.
Fearlessly, Nan stared down the eight-year-old boy, grabbed her spoon, and dipped it into her intensely gross breakfast.
She put a huge spoonful into her mouth and chewed slowly, even thoughtfully, as if she were tasting all the flavors.
Charlie watched Nan chew in awe before he visibly paled and started to gag.
The boy dropped his spoon and raced for the bathroom.
As soon as the bathroom door slammed, Nan turned to the sink and spit out the mouthful of food.
She turned on the water and leaned forward to rinse out her mouth.
When that didn't work, she reached back into the fridge and grabbed a container of orange juice and began to chug right from the container.
"Nan, that's disgusting."
Mina laughed.
"Tell me about it.
I'm the one who actually had to taste the thing.
I don't think I'll be able to eat cottage cheese again."
She gargled orange juice.
"What possessed you to put cottage cheese in the cereal?"
"When I saw what Charlie was eating, I challenged him to a contest.
Winner gets to pick out a movie and make the loser watch it.
Believe me, I had no idea he added caramel to his cereal.
Blech!"
Nan shuddered dramatically.
Mina had forgotten that Nan hated caramel almost as much as Charlie hated cottage cheese.
"So you thought you would cover the taste of caramel with something else you liked?"
Nan bobbed her head.
"Yeah, I actually love cottage cheese and thought it would surely make your brother freak out so I would win.
The only problem was that when I added the cheese to the cereal and put it in my mouth, it took every ounce of strength not to immediately eject it out.
My mind thought the milk had gone bad.
But I did it-I won."
Nan began a victory dance around the kitchen.
Sara walked in and looked at the bowl in front of Nan, turning her nose up.
"Okay, Charlie has taken it too far, he's wasting cereal.
I paid good money for those boxes."
Nan looked sheepish and grabbed the bowl away from Sara.
"No, Mrs. Grime, that's actually my cereal.
I'm having breakfast with Charlie."
Sara raised one eyebrow at Nan.
Feeling pressured to prove her point, Nan took the spoon and shoveled another gross spoonful into her mouth, screwing her face into a big fake grin.
Satisfied, Sara busied herself in the kitchen while the girls hid their laughter.
"Where is Charlie, anyway?"
"Bathroom," Mina answered quickly.
When Sara went back to her bedroom to grab her keys and wallet, Nan spat the cereal out into the garbage and began the sink and orange juice routine all over again.
Mina took the bowl of cereal away and dumped it down the garbage disposal, removing any hint of Nan's stupidity.
"So now that you've won, what are you going to make Charlie watch?"
"I don't know, I was thinking of something really horrible like the whole first season of Power Puff Girls, something completely girly and embarrassing."
Nan's face lit up with the prospect of torturing Charlie.
"Or maybe I could find a documentary on the making of cottage cheese."
"You do realize that you would have to sit through it as well."
"Hmmm, then that won't do.
What do you suggest?"
"Why don't you pick something you'll both like?"
"What?"
she squealed.
"That takes away the whole fun of the competition!
No!
He must suffer."
Nan pointed her finger in the air dramatically.
Mina thought Nan would have made a great sibling if her parents hadn't divorced when she was young.
Neither one remarried, making Nan the quintessential only child: loved, spoiled, and a little lonely, which was why she enjoyed hanging out with Charlie.
Nan always said if she had a younger sibling she would want a brother, because then she wouldn't have to share her clothes.
"Don't you mean you must suffer?"
Mina conjectured.
"Meh, whatever."
After Nan had finished with her tirade, she directed her radar Mina's way.
"So dish."
"About what?"
Mina asked casually.
"About what?
I can't believe you.
I didn't drive all this way for nothing on a Saturday morning.
I have cartoons to watch.
Dish about what happened two days ago that made you miss school and send Brody into a coma."
"He's in a coma?"
Mina panicked.
"No, not literally.
Yeesh.
He's been walking around the school like some sort of zombie, not talking, just completely withdrawn.
Something happen between you two?"
"You promise it's not going to show up on any web page, interview, tweet, or text?"
Mina knew when dishing important info to Nan that she had to cover all her bases.
Nan rolled her eyes and held up two fingers.
"Boy Scouts' honor."
"You're a girl."
"Fine then, Girl Scouts' honor."
Nan held up three fingers.
"Don't think it counts if you've never actually been a Girl Scout," Mina countered, making sure there were no loopholes in her friend's credibility.
Mina looked over Nan's shoulder toward her brother and mother's room and decided that they needed to find a more private spot.
Tapping Nan's shoulder, she motioned down the hall and into her room.
When the door was securely shut, Nan jumped across Mina's hastily made bed.
Mina perched on the end more daintily.
"Nan, I'm cursed."
"Yeah, I know.
We all are."
Nan kicked her legs back and forth and grabbed a magazine from Mina's nightstand.
"It's called being a teenager.
You, more so, because you live in the Stone Age."
"No, my last name isn't even Grime.
It's Grimm.
What I am telling you is, I am personally cursed, or fated, to follow the same path as the Grimms before me."
Mina already felt better now that she'd gotten it in the open.
She had been thinking for the last few days on how to break the news to her best friend.
Nan just stared at Mina, blinking her eyes in thought.
"Yeah, right.
I'm supposed to go to Yale and become a lawyer like my father and his father before him, but do you see me treading down that path?
No way, Jose.
I'm hitchhiking to Julliard instead."
Nan flipped a couple more pages and then oohed over a cute skirt.
Mina snatched the magazine from Nan and sat on it so her friend couldn't grab it back.
"I'm serious, Nan.
I'm in over my head, and I need your help."
Nan sat up and gave Mina her full attention.
"You're really serious?"
Mina ran her hands over her head.
"Dead serious."
"Like, this isn't some trick to try to punk me or anything, right?"
"No.
I wish it were, I really do, but it's not."
"Okay, I'm listening.
Start from the beginning."
Nan crossed her legs and waited patiently through Mina's whole tale.
She barely fidgeted, never once interrupted, and even refrained from immediately grabbing her phone to tweet the update.
"Whoa," was all she said when Mina was done.
"You can say that again," Mina mumbled unhappily.
"Whoa," Nan repeated, and ducked as Mina threw a pillow at her.
"So you were actually attacked outside the library?
That must have been awesome."
"Nan!"
Mina chided.
"No!
I could have been killed."
"But you weren't-Brody saved you.
So if Brody saved your life and all, then why is he in such a fit?"
"I'm not sure, but I probably have something to do with it.
He wanted me to go to the police, but if I did, and my mother found out, that would be the end of us.
She would have shipped us out to Canada before you can say?'Canucks.'"
"So you two fought," Nan stated.
"Yes, we argued, and I demanded he drop me off.
And with a huge bruise on the side of my cheek, I couldn't very well go to school."
Mina paced her small bedroom and kept passing her bedroom mirror to look at the bruise.
"So in other words, he hasn't called you, spoken to you, or seen you since the attack."
Nan ticked off the words on her hands.
"That definitely explains why he has been out of sorts.
Mina call him!
Let him know that you are still alive."
"Nan, I can't."
And Mina truly felt that she couldn't.
She had burned her bridges, and burned them badly.
"Nonsense, all you do is pick up the phone and say, 'Brody, I'm not dead.'"
Nan grabbed her phone and held it up to Mina's ear.
"Here, you can use my phone."
Mina glared at Nan in response.
"Fine."
Nan put her phone away.
"Since it seems you have a lot to do, maybe we should get cracking and find this Grimoire or whatever and prepare you to break the curse."
The way Nan said it made it sound as if Mina was going on a camping trip and needed to find supplies, instead of possibly meeting her doom.
"But before we do anything else today, we need to eat!"
"You just ate," Mina said.
Nan made a gagging face.
"That is not what I would call eating.
That's biting the bullet to win a bet.
I'm starved.
Let's grab food first.
You owe me."
After a cheap lunch at one of the Mexican stalls nearby, the girls walked the rows of small shops in the various districts.
"So your dad??"
Nan let her question trail off.
It was too delicate a question to ask outright.
"Yeah, my dad was chosen by the curse before me and was caught in one of the more vicious tales.
He didn't live through it."
Mina walked a little slower.
"Do you remember the night?"
"No.
I guess I must have suppressed a lot of those memories, and my mom won't speak about it.
What I do remember was that my dad was happy, loving, and carefree until my uncle died.
That's when it all changed.
He changed.
He was driven, obsessed with breaking the curse."
"He must have loved you a lot."
"That, or he wanted revenge for Uncle Jack.
I don't know."
Mina felt at a loss, confused, and a little angry.
"So I have to do this, Nan.
I have to finish the tale and break the curse, because if I don't, it falls on Charlie, and I can't let that happen.
I have to protect Charlie."
"Sign me up-where do we start?"
Nan said.
"Nan, you don't have to help.
You don't even have to get involved.
I only told you because I needed your support in case I have more episodes where I can't go to school."
"You can't tell me about this curse and then NOT expect me to help.
I'm your friend.
I care about you, and I care about Charlie.
It's a done deal."
"Nan?"
"Don't you 'Nan' me-I've got two semesters of karate under my belt, a serious case of attitude, and mace on my keychain.
I'm ready to tackle any giants that come my way.
Fe Fi Fo Fum!"
When she said "Fum," Nan did a karate kick in the air and followed with a chest punch.
"I think that's the wrong story."
Mina laughed.
"What, there's no giants?
I was really hoping to tackle some giants."
Nan looked devastated.
"From what my mom said, the tales don't necessarily fit the Grimm guidelines to a 'T.'
They adapt to the modern world.
Yes there are giants, but it maybe instead of a thirty-foot giant, you may find yourself facing a six-foot-six, 300-pound New York Giant linebacker."
"I'll take that!"
Nan gushed excitedly.
"Bring 'em on."
When she had quit jumping around on the sidewalk, doing martial arts moves and knocking into complete strangers, she stood up suddenly and looked at Mina.
"Yeah, for some reason the Story is the driving force behind all of this.
We can never underestimate and never trust the Story."
"So what happened on the tour was a fairy tale story?
So cool, which one?"
Nan was walking backward and kept throwing quick glances over her shoulder.
"I have an idea, but it doesn't make sense."
Mina put her hands in her jacket pockets.
Shaking her head, Mina decided it was nothing and kept walking.
"So how do we go about finding this book?
You said your father found it in the library.
What about your uncle?
How did the Grimoire come to your uncle?"
Mina face turned down in anger.
"It never came to Uncle Jack."
"But I thought you said that it comes to the Grimm descendants and helps them?"
"I did, but it doesn't always decide to help them.
It chose not to reveal itself to my Uncle Jack.
It didn't help him, and now he's dead."
"But, Mina, it came to your father, and he still died."
Nan put her hand on Mina's shoulder and looked into her face.
"All we can do is pray that it chooses to help you."
Mina nodded her head and took a deep breath.
"I'm just so scared.
Nan, what if it doesn't choose to help me and I'm stuck trying to fight off more people like the man with the wolf tattoo alone?
I can't do it.
I need its help, and I'm scared it won't help me."
Mina sniffled, trying to hold back the tears.
Nan grabbed her friend in a huge hug.
"Mina, you're the sweetest, most kind-hearted person I know.
The Grimoire will come to you-how can it not?
And if it doesn't, you've got me, and I'm ten times, no, twenty times more helpful than a book.
I told you not to wear that hideous dress to homecoming, and you didn't.
I kept you away from that disastrous-looking egg salad at the buffet, and then everyone else got sick.
I even stood up for you when someone made fun of you for always wearing hoodies."
"Someone made fun of me?"
Mina asked.
This was the first that she had heard about that.
"What matters is that I'm here for you, and with me on your side, you will always win."
Nan grinned and put her arm through Mina's.
Her best friend was right.
With Nan's gumption and determination, they could face anything.
There were times when Mina felt as if she was kryptonite to anyone who came near her, except for Nan.
Nan was immune to Mina's bad luck and seemed to thrive off warding it away.
It was almost as if Nan was her personal good luck charm.
"Oohh!
We have to go in here and see the puppies!"
Nan squealed and forcefully dragged Mina into Pawpers Pet's.
The door jingled when they walked in, and immediately Mina was hit by the scent of dog, urine, and bleach, so strong it nearly knocked her over.
She fought the urge to breathe through the sleeve of her red jacket, knowing it would give Nan a reason to tease her.
Mina didn't care for pet stores.
She loved animals, but hated going in and seeing hundreds of caged dogs, cats, birds, and mice.
To her it was the same as walking into a prison and being asked to pick out a cute inmate to take home and care for.
She sighed and walked over to Nan, who was already gushing over a playful Pomeranian and American Eskimo puppy.
"Oh, aren't you the cutest?
Yes, you are!
You're the sweetest thing since cotton candy," Nan was saying.
The pups yipped and crawled over each other in an attempt to lick the glass window where her hand rested.
Before long, a cute red-haired employee named Greg, spotted Nan's interest and offered to bring the puppies to the viewing pen.
Nan squealed with glee.
"Did you hear that, Mina?
We can hold them and play with them."
By the time Nan turned back, she was nearly as excited as the puppies in the kennel.
Somehow Mina didn't want to be stuck in a 4 x 4 cubicle with the hyperactive Nan and two pups.
"Uh, I think I'll pass this time.
I'm going to check out the rest of the pets."
Mina backed away from Nan, who was already adrift in her own world.
She got an indifferent look from Greg, who was either busy sizing up his new customer or trying to score Nan's number.
Leaving the two of them, Mina walked past the parakeets and canaries, when a melodic whistle made her stop and turn in surprise.
The canaries were singing.
She leaned in toward the birds slowly to listen to their song, careful to not startle or interrupt them.
They fluttered about their white cage, seemingly impervious to Mina's nearness.
When the singing stopped, Mina froze, hoping that they would continue their song.
But she noticed that the canaries weren't the only birds to stop singing.
All of them had stopped making any kind of noise at all.
The macaws, parrots, doves, and parakeets were silent, and stood unmoving in their cages.
Never in her life had Mina walked into a pet store and heard this kind of silence.
She swallowed nervously and began to back away from the bird aisle and make her way back toward Nan.
The canaries turned their heads and watched her retreat.
Being under the scrutiny of so many black beady eyes was enough to make anyone jumpy.
"It's just a coincidence," Mina chanted to herself.
"It's just a coincidence."
Mina was so nervous that she stumbled into a large fake tree stand with a gray macaw.
The bird crooked his head and snapped his beak a few times before it spoke one word.
"Doom."
Chapter 10
The hair stood up on the back of Mina's neck.
"Doom, doom, doom," the parakeets echoed.
The silence disappeared as all of the birds seemed to chirp one word over and over: "Doom.
Doom.
Doom."
Even the canaries seemed to take up the battle cry.
Mina covered her ears and ran down the aisle, putting as much distance as she could between the bewitched birds and herself.
She didn't stop running until she was in the aquatics department.
"Finally!"
Mina muttered.
The sound of the birds dissipated into nothingness among the hums of the stacked fish tanks.
Looking around at the fish tanks, Mina was relieved.
There was nothing here that could talk and spew out frightening words.
The fish, either because they had small brains or were numb to humans, ignored her presence next to their tanks.
Mina walked aimlessly, staring at the different fish and thinking back to what had just happened.
Had she imagined the birds speaking to her?
Or was this more of the Story's magic trying to take control?
There wasn't any way the canaries could talk, so maybe she had imagined it.
A thumping noise drew Mina's attention toward a shelf of tanks along a side wall.
There wasn't a tag identifying the species in the tank, but the presence of logs and moss gave her the idea it was some kind of amphibian.
Thump, thump.
The noise came again, and Mina leaned closer to look to see what was making the noise.
Something smacked itself against the glass, causing Mina to scream and step back.
She could clearly see it was a toad, who was not only croaking but throwing himself against the glass as if trying to break through.
Thump!
Thump!
More thumping sounds came from one tank over.
Mina stared in horror as frog after frog came out of hiding and began to throw itself against the tanks.
Eight tanks full of frogs in various sizes began to shake and move with the vibration of the frenzied frogs.
Even the tree frogs were causing their smaller tank to shudder the slightest bit.
"Stop it!"
Mina hissed out.
"You'll hurt yourself."
She reached forward apprehensively to push the tank with the large toads farther back on the shelf.
The toads took this as a rally point and began to climb on each other's backs as a way to reach the top of the cage and lift the lid off.
Mina looked around in horror and grabbed a large aquarium rock to weigh down the lid.
The other amphibians must have gotten the same idea, and began to hop, climb, and otherwise maneuver to the top of the tank so they could escape through the lid.
"No, no, no, no," Mina called out frantically, and looked for other decorations to keep the frogs from escaping.
She put a pink mermaid statue on the tree frogs' tank, and petrified wood on the poison dart frogs', which could have been disastrous.
It wasn't until something slithered past her foot that Mina abandoned her efforts.
A large striped snake was disappearing under a shelf, and, from the looks of it, more snakes were dropping from them by the second.
When a boa came toward Mina's legs, she screamed and ran toward the front door.
She only hoped the frogs were smart enough to stay in their tanks once the snakes were loose, but that wasn't her problem anymore.
Mina slowed by the puppies long enough to grab Nan's arm by the elbow as she was handing one of the puppies back to Greg.
"Nan, we have to go.
Now!"
Mina whispered under her breath.
A little louder, she called out toward Greg, "I think there's a clean-up in aisle eight."
Greg looked up in surprise and went to get a doggy bag and broom.
Mina knew Greg was assuming he needed to clean up whatever present a customer's unattended dog might have left for him.
Unfortunately, it wasn't going to be that kind of surprise.
She secretly hoped Greg wasn't afraid of snakes.
Once they were back on the sidewalk, Mina kept up a fast pace, causing Nan to nearly run behind her.
"Mina?
What's the matter?
What's going on?"
Mina didn't answer until they were three blocks away, and by then she was out of breath.
"Birds," Mina huffed.
"Doom.
Frogs, snacks, I mean, snakes.
The frogs and snakes-they came after me!"
Mina tried to make sense, but her lack of breath and her own disbelief made it hard for her describe.
How could she explain to Nan what she hardly believed herself?
"Well, in other news, that creepo gave me his number," Nan commented dryly, while staring back in the direction of the pet store.
"The glasses were cute, but he is totally not my type."
Mina was taken aback at the calm way Nan spoke, how unaware she was of what had almost happened in the store.
Nan shook her head and looked at Mina.
"What were you saying again?"
Her mouth dropped open, and then she stuttered, "U-uh forget about it."
Nan grinned and grabbed Mina's arm.
They walked arm in arm until Mina had settled down.
She let Nan's mindless chatter calm her nerves until she could focus on the matter at hand.
"Please," Mina prayed quietly to herself, "I need to find the Grimoire.
I can't do this alone."
The search for the Grimoire was beginning to seem hopeless, and after the scare in the pet store and alley, she knew she probably wouldn't live through one Grimm fairy tale.
She had just about given up when she felt the tingling start, which usually accompanied magic of some sort.
She felt all her limbs stiffen, but there was no clear and present danger in their path.
Mina carefully looked up and down the block.
Everything appeared normal, just a busy commercial street with regular people going about their day.
The story wouldn't do something so public, would it?
She slowed her walk but only felt the tingling intensify.
Turning to warn Nan, she tripped over a welcome mat and kicked at it angrily.
Then she noticed the two animals, a bull and stag, woven into the mat's design.
It looked very old.
She glanced up at the building in fear.
There wasn't a marquee or name on the building front, just a precariously hung wooden sign printed with the same bull and stag.
Was this the Grimoire, or another of the Story's games?
She had come too far not to find out.
Mina pulled on Nan's arm tentatively and led her into the building, which was unlocked.
The quiet tinkle of a bell announced their entrance in a small dark store.
"Hello!
Anyone here?"
Mina called out when no one came to greet them.
"Maybe they aren't open yet?"
"Nan, the door was unlocked."
"Maybe the owner stepped out.
I'll step outside to see if there's a number posted."
Mina almost stopped her but realized it was probably for the best.
If something dangerous was in here, she didn't want Nan to get hurt.
"Why don't you go next door to Rosie's Flowers and see if they know who works here?"
she suggested.
As Nan stepped out, Mina had the distinct feeling that someone, or something, was watching her.
Turning around in a circle, she took in the dark oak shelves, the paisley wallpaper, the dimmed and burned-out lights.
A check-out table and old cash register stood off to one side and looked as if they hadn't been used in ages.
The place was dust-free but had the feeling of being empty for a long time, or at least empty of anything living.
A large chair stood to one corner, and Mina had begun to walk toward it when she heard the distant sound of children laughing.
"Hello?
Who's there?"
She took a few hesitant steps in the direction she'd heard the noise.
"You can come out-I'm looking for a book.
Maybe you can help me?"
A glow began in the back of the store, and the sounds of children laughing intensified.
Mina gulped, but followed the light as it grew brighter and seemed to pulse with its own rhythm against a back wall.
When she finally reached the wall, the light disappeared, and she was encased in darkness.
Letting her eyes adjust, Mina turned and was confronted with a pair of red angry eyes.
Jumping back, she stumbled and knocked into something furry that slid across the floor from her weight.
Mina screamed.
When nothing reached or lunged for her, she reached out her hands to touch the angry glass eyes she had seen earlier.
They were part of a life-size giant bull, but it was either fake or dead.
She wasn't sure she wanted to know.
Behind her stood another life-size animal, this one a very large stag, frozen on his hind legs.
The stag and bull were lifelike and magical in their realism, neither touching the ceiling nor the floor.
They'd been set about six feet apart in front of an intricately painted forest mural.
The stag was on his hind legs, head angled as if challenging the bull.
Mina touched the soft fur of the stag and felt heat emanating from the life-size pieces.
The stag swayed and slid a few inches to the right.
Pressing her head to the wall, she could see that the animals were attached to sliders on the wall.
Perhaps it was some sort of puzzle.
Taking a few steps back, she looked at the two animals and decided that they were about to converge in battle.
The bull looked angry, but the stag bore another expression entirely; it seemed fearful and determined at the same time.
This must have been a very talented taxidermist.
She first went over to the heavy black bull and pushed as hard as she could, half expecting it to come alive at any second.
Grunting and biting her lip, Mina struggled with the bull piece until she had moved it to the center of the wall.
When she knew she had pushed it as much as she could, Mina tackled moving the large stag piece.
Unbelievably, it slid with ease toward the bull, almost eagerly.
But at the current rate, as she pushed the stag, she realized it would be positioned dangerously in front of the bull's horns.
The thought made her uncomfortable, so when the stag had nearly reached the bull in battle in the exact center of the mural, she pushed up so the rearing stag would have the advantage.
She turned and heard an audible click over her shoulder, followed by ominous creaking.
Mina only had a moment to react as the giant bull unhinged from the wall and fell forward toward her, horns aiming for her heart.
Leaping to the left, she dodged the heavy piece as it collided with the stone floor under the stag, breaking in half.
When the dust settled, a door appeared where the bull had been moments before.
"How can that be?"
Mina thought.
Dusting off her hands, she looked toward the stag and blinked in surprise.
It was gone, but there was no door where the stag had once been.
She supposed she had no choice but to try the door that appeared behind the defeated bull.
She opened it slowly, looking behind her shoulder for Nan, reminding herself that it was better if she weren't involved.
The door led to a dead-end circular room built of large stone blocks.
She looked around the walls for clues but found nothing but solid stone.
Wait!
Below her, there was something carved into the floor.
Crawling on her hands and knees, Mina did the best she could to wipe away what looked to be hundreds of years of accumulated dust.
Whoever cleaned the shop upstairs hadn't bothered with this place.
Her fingers could feel the distinct outline of something.
Getting excited, she blew on the engraving, scattering dust particles everywhere.
They were all over her clothes and hair, making her sneeze, but that didn't deter her.
"So that's where you went!"
Mina spoke quietly as her fingers traced the outline of a fighting stag, glorious antlers in full array.
It looked as if it were a seal or cover for something.
Mina stood up and looked around the room for something to break the seal.
Finding nothing, she turned to leave, stepping directly on the stone circle.
As her foot touched it, the ground shifted beneath her, causing her to fall to her knees.
The stone circle was dropping from underneath her into what looked to be?nothingness.
Scrambling, Mina leapt away from the circle and dug her fingers into the cracks between another stone in the floor.
The stone circle stopped moving and waited almost patiently until her fingers gave out and she slid back into the hole to land ungracefully on her backside.
Once she was properly seated again, the stone circle continued its descent, although slower, as if not to scare Mina further.
It didn't help; she was still terrified.
Finally she heard a loud thump, and the floor stopped moving.
She could tell by a burst of air she'd descended to a larger room, though it took a few minutes for her eyes to adjust in the near-total darkness.
Mina wasn't sure how she'd get out of here, and thought about calling for help, but felt power gathering again, warning her that something was about to happen.
Never leaving the circle of light cast into the hole, Mina waited.
A small voice inside warned her to not step off the stone circle.
What if it decided to float to the ceiling again, shutting her in the dark forever?
What if she ran into the bull out there?
There were too many "what ifs" convincing her not to leave the stone tablet.
That was, until her eyes alit on a clear glass coffin.
Mina averted her eyes, afraid of what she might see within.
It could have been the bones of a small child or animal.
When her mind was through playing tricks, Mina cast another glance to see that the glass coffin was not a coffin, but a glass chest.
Instead of holding the remains of someone who had passed away, it held a yellowed scroll.
Her heart began to thud with anticipation.
Was this it?
Was that the Grimoire?
Everything was surreal, misty and cloudy like a dream.
Mina decided to step off the stone and approach the chest.
Fortunately, it opened as soon as her fingers touched the lid.
The scroll began to unwind of its own accord, and the yellowed paper seemed to resonate with a hum of power.
Upon the scroll were words written in many different languages and dialects, along with beautifully crafted pictures.
As she stared in awe, the painted pictures began to move and walk and speak.
She heard voices and singing, the same children's laughter she'd heard upstairs, all coming from within the scroll.
Reaching a tentative hand up to touch the scroll, Mina recoiled as it shifted and fell heavily to the bottom of the coffin, now a large leather-bound book.
Wow, that's huge, Mina thought.
How am I supposed to carry that around?
She watched in amazement when the book, as if hearing her thoughts, slowly began to shrink into a smaller, thinner book.
Mina felt like cheering.
She had done it.
She had found the Grimoire, and it was even shape-shifting to suit her needs.
It would help her.
"Thank you," she whispered to the book.
Then, after some thought, "That's still rather conspicuous," she said out loud.
Another bright light appeared, and the small book morphed into a school math book.
Mina laughed out loud.
"Better, but not quite.
I'm terrible at math."
Mina encouraged the book to keep trying, and it finally changed again, this time into a slim red spiral notebook.
"Perfect.
No one will expect a notebook."
She picked up the notebook and was surprised by how light it felt.
She was even more surprised to learn that it was blank.
The pictures were gone, the writing-everything had completely disappeared.
"So how are you supposed to help me?"
She held up the book to the light as if expecting an answer.
Feeling slightly let down, she touched the cover lightly and whispered, "I hope you know what you're doing, because I sure don't."
The book seemed to warm up in answer.
Mina took the notebook and tucked it under her arm while stepping back onto the stag platform, hoping and praying it would take her back up into the world above.
She breathed a sigh of relief when the stone rose into the air, taking Mina with it.
It thudded softly as it clicked back into place.
Mina was now back on the first floor.
But as soon as her feet left the seal, the color seemed to fade from the room.
It was as if she had unplugged the store from its battery source, and it was now draining.
Walking a little faster toward the front of the store, she tripped on a rug and saw that the store itself was shrinking!
The shelves had gotten closer together, and the rugs were moving beneath her feet.
Mina began to jog and dodge books, figurines, and various pottery from the shelves as they started to topple over.
At first it was only a few items, and then she heard thunks and glass shattering all around her.
The walls began to twist, and a few papers flew past her, knocking into Mina.
She had to hurry and get out.
Running now, she saw the entrance, but the door she'd first entered was two feet smaller.
Mina threw her shoulder into the red door, and it gave out with little resistance.
She flung herself out of the room with both feet, landing in a heap on the sidewalk, scraping her elbows and knees on the hard cement.
She never knew the Grimm curse would be so physically exhausting.
Groaning and brushing grit from her damaged elbows, she turned over to look at the store and saw?a blank brick wall.
The building had disappeared!
Sitting up, Mina looked to the left and saw the pottery store and Rosie's Flowers, but there was no longer an unmarked store in between them.
Quickly getting to her feet, Mina tried to not draw any more attention her way; she was already getting a few uncomfortable stares.
Where was Nan?
Something felt wrong.
The sun wasn't where it was supposed to be; it was almost evening.
Mina looked at her watch and saw that it had stopped at 1:11 p.m.
When she glanced at the clock in the square, it was closer to 7 p.m. Mina had been in the store for six hours?
That wasn't possible, was it?
Why hadn't Nan ever come back in?
Where was she?
Instead of waiting, Mina decided to head home, cutting through the back alleys between roads, something she had done hundreds of times before, so she could call her friend.
She never noticed when a dark shadow separated from the wall and followed her.
Chapter 11
As the man neared, Mina felt the dread run across her spine, giving her an instant in which to react.
She jumped back, but the attacker made a grab for her hoodie.
She heard the tear of cloth as a piece ripped off in his hands.
"Little girl, you should know better than to traverse dark alleys alone.
Tch tch tch."
The familiar voice made Mina shudder in terror.
How had he found her?
It was the same man with the wolf tattoo who had assaulted her behind the library.
The man chuckled and sniffed the ripped piece of her jacket, and began to rub it along his face as if learning her scent.
His hands looked longer than humanly possible, and his nails were dark and dirty.
"Leave me alone, or I'll scream," Mina threatened.
"Oooo.
I like it when they scream," the wolf man countered, taking another step forward.
Using his long fingernails, he tore the piece of cloth easily, like a knife through butter.
Mina bolted.
Holding onto the notebook, she ran like crazy down the alley, desperately hoping to make it to the road before he caught her.
But speed was on her attacker's side as she was jerked backward by the hood of her jacket, smacking her tailbone against the pavement.
Mina jerked away as the man made a grab for the notebook.
She bit his hand and he roared.
The notebook fell and was flung open.
Mina tried to scream, but he lunged for her throat and began to squeeze.
"Please, somebody help me!"
Mina choked out.
The wolf man was about to backhand her when a blurry form leapt toward him and knocked him off her.
Coughing and scrambling away on her hands and knees, Mina grabbed the notebook and tried to make a run for it.
One part of her told her to forget it, flight over fight, save her own skin.
But another part needed to look, needed to see who it was that was helping her.
Craning her neck, Mina saw and gasped.
It was a young man who couldn't have been older than seventeen.
How could she abandon him?
Mina froze, but she didn't know how to help.
The boy was definitely overpowered and outweighed, but he looked determined.
Wolf man lunged, and the boy feinted to the right and sidestepped; turning, he spun his body into the older, stronger man and was able to land a side kick to his solar plexus.
Grunting, wolf man lowered his head and pretended to lower his guard.
The dark-haired boy ran and was going to kick him in the face, but the man lunged forward, snapping his jaws very similarly to a real wolf, and knocked the boy out of the air as if he were swatting a fly.
The boy landed on the ground and tried to roll, but the wolf man was everywhere.
Soon the boy was trapped within reach of the man's huge forearms.
The man laughed evilly and grabbed the boy around his chest, lifting him into the air, hoping to crush him.
"Use the book!"
the boy yelled.
"What?"
Mina asked.
"Turn the page."
He was struggling and losing the fight.
"Think of something you're scared of."
Grabbing the notebook, which had landed open, she flipped the page as a childhood fear flashed through her mind.
She gasped as a bright light flooded the alley and the notebook grew warm to the touch.
A loud buzzing noise grew in volume.
Mina dropped the notebook as golden bees of light flew out of the book and straight for the man with the wolf tattoo.
It looked to be painful, because he hollered and fell backward, crawling away from the bees.
A few more whimpers followed, and then he gave up and ran out of the alley, the light diminishing after him.
Mina looked in surprise at the boy, who was bent over, catching his breath.
"Grey Tail will be back-there's no question about that.
You need to be more careful."
The boy looked Mina over.
"What was fate thinking, choosing you?
And bees?
Really?
That was the best you could come up with?"
Mina turned to look at the boy.
"What are you talking about?"
she nearly cried, her voice raised in anxiety.
"Who are you?
Who's Grey Tail, and how do you know about the book?"
"Doesn't matter," he said, shrugging.
"We all know about the book.
All you need to know is that I'm here now, and he's gone."
The boy put his hands in his pockets and didn't make any move to come closer to Mina.
She looked him over head to toe.
Mina took a few steps back away from the boy.
"That's not good enough.
I'm in charge of protecting this, and I need to know who you are and how you found me."
The young man eyed Mina warily and said, "Don't worry, girl.
I have no interest in the Grimoire.
Or in you."
Mina's mouth opened and closed in obvious shock.
She had never been treated with such disdain-okay, maybe once or twice at school, but never from a perfect stranger.
"So you know about the Grimoire?"
"More than I want to," he said, his lip curled in contempt.
He began to walk away, but Mina realized he might be her only chance at getting some answers.
"Wait!
Are you a Grimm, too?
He laughed.
"Not on your life."
"Then who are you?"
"Maybe you shouldn't be asking who, but what."
He paused and looked at her.
An otherworldly chill ran over Mina's skin, and she swallowed nervously.
"Okay, then what are you?"
He smiled and crossed his arms in front of his chest.
"Now that would be too easy, wouldn't it?
I suppose you'll have to guess."
"Can't you just tell me?
I don't have time to play twenty questions," Mina asked, surprised at the desperation in her voice.
The boy obviously knew the man with the wolf tattoo and about the family curse.
"I could, but I won't."
He raised his head and grinned like a know-it-all.
"You're on your own, sweetie."
"Well, that's just rude," Mina said, putting her hands on her hips.
"Why'd you show up here in the first place?"
"No, rude is not saying thank you."
Mina blinked taken aback.
Was he being mean to her only because she hadn't said thank you?
"I'm sorry, you're right.
Thank you for saving me."
The boy looked only slightly appeased.
"It doesn't mean as much if I have to remind you."
He turned his head, and his dark hair flew over his eyes in a rakish manner.
He was remarkably good-looking, with dark somber gray eyes and a perfectly formed jaw.
Thin, but with strong shoulders and a graceful stance.
"You won't last a week," the boy said to her now, his eyes studying her.
"The first tale that the Story throws your way will be the end of you."
"I could, if you helped me."
He shook his head slowly in response, then turned his back to her and began to walk away.
Mina reached for his shoulder, and he spun around almost instantly.
One minute they were standing in the middle of the alley, and the next he had her pinned against a brick wall, his hand around her neck.
"Do not touch me!"
he growled out between clenched teeth.
Mina knew she should be afraid, but she wasn't.
"Why won't you help me?"
she pleaded, daring to stare him in the eyes.
"I.
Can't."
"Can't, or won't?"
"Both."
He let go of her, and Mina slid down the wall to land on her knees in the dirt.
"Can't because you're in over your head, won't because you're a lost cause.
So you're not worth the effort.
Today proved that."
He stepped back and looked at Mina, crouched in the dirt.
Tears fell freely down her cheeks.
He was confirming her worst fears, but she had to survive.
"You're wrong."
"I'm never wrong," the boy answered, kneeling down to look at her closely.
"You have to be.
I have to break the curse.
I have to finish the tales!"
"Why?
What's in it for you?
What have they promised you that would make you so determined to risk your life?"
"What are you talking about?
I haven't been promised anything!
I'm trying to protect my brother, Charlie.
He's too young.
I won't let him be the next victim."
Mina gritted it out, her fingers digging into the ground in anger.
It was one of the first times in her life that Mina had ever felt this angry.
She was usually the passive-aggressive student who avoided confrontation, but it was as if something in her had been broken and would never be the same.
"I will survive-I will be the Grimm to finish the tales and live.
I will beat the Story."
Mina stood and looked heatedly in his eyes.
"With or without your help."
With strength that Mina didn't know she had, she pushed the boy in the chest so hard he stumbled backward but did not fall.
The boy stepped away from Mina, giving her room to pass.
He cocked his head to the side and answered, "Well, maybe there is a chance for you after all."
"Leave me alone!"
Mina yelled, and turned angrily to face him, but the boy had disappeared.
Mina ran the rest of the way home and burst through the door to find Nan sitting on her couch, eyes red from crying.
Nan flew to Mina and grabbed her around the neck.
"You're alive.
I'm so sorry-I should never have left your side.
I went outside to look for a number, and as soon as I turned around, the door, window, everything was gone.
It was a brick wall."
Nan stepped back away from Mina, and her hands went into overdrive as she explained what happened.
"I went into the pottery store and asked them about the building, and they gave me a blank stare.
Apparently there has never been a shop there.
Same with Rosie's Flowers.
Mina, they thought I was crazy, but I knew better.
I knew that the building was there and it had eaten you!"
She hiccupped with anxiety.
"Nan, I'm fine," Mina consoled her best friend, getting her to sit on the couch once again.
"I waited.
I waited on the sidewalk for hours, but you never appeared.
I searched the whole block and alley for you, and I couldn't find you."
Nan began to cry.
"I didn't know what else to do but to come back and wait for you.
I'm just glad your mom and brother weren't here.
I wouldn't want to explain to them how you were eaten by a building."
Nan's hands flew through the air with her growing anxiety.
When she had a moment to settle down, she pinned Mina with a wary glance.
"What did happen to you?"
"I found the Grimoire."
Mina smiled widely and pulled out the red spiral notebook to show Nan.
Nan frowned at the notebook.
"That sure doesn't look like a Grimoire.
But then again, how should I know?"
"It was in that building, I had to solve a few puzzles to find it, deep underground.
But it was like it wanted me to find it.
You wouldn't believe it."
"May I?"
Nan asked, pointing to the cover.
When Mina nodded, Nan gently opened the cover and began flipping through the pages.
"Okay.
There's only one story inside."
"What?
That wasn't there a minute ago."
Mina pointed to the pages.
"There were pictures and stories, but then it erased itself when I took hold of it.
And now this.
What do you think it means?"
"That it's obviously not complete?
That the Grimm brothers never made it through all of the stories?
But I guess they finished this bull story."
"Give me that!"
Mina snatched the book from Nan.
"Nan, this is the room I was describing.
It's all here, everything.
Even me running from the room!"
"Way cool.
Am I in there?"
"Nan, you know what this means?"
Mina said, ignoring her.
"I solved one of the tales.
It's officially begun."
"Great!
Now how many more until you're done?"
"Um, I don't actually know."
"Mina?"
Nan asked.
"What if there is no end?"
Chapter 12
The next day Mina went through the motions of paying attention in class, but her mind was a million miles elsewhere, Nan's words still ringing in her head: "What if there is no end?"
Mina kept checking the Grimoire to make sure the story was still there.
It wasn't until advanced art that she felt another trickle of dread.
Something was wrong.
People were whispering and pointing.
Looking up, Mina was surprised to see a set of familiar grey eyes staring at her from across the room.
It was the same boy who saved her in the alley, here in their classroom and was now addressing their art teacher.
Mr. Ames gestured for the boy to take up an empty seat.
"Class, this is Jared.
He's one of our newest students.
Please make him feel at home."
Mina saw the girls and boys in her class whispering among themselves.
It so happened that one of the only empty seats was next to her desk, so she tried to compose herself as Jared sat down, knowing all eyes were pointed their way.
"What are you doing here?"
she hissed when no was looking.
"Free country.
Isn't it?"
Jared said.
Mina fumed.
Why was he torturing her?
Lucky for her, advanced art class was less lecture and more practical study, so she had time to sort through her thoughts.
When Mr. Ames announced the first assignment, she ignored Jared, stood up, and walked across the room to sit by one of the potter's wheels.
Mina loved how a pile of clay could be manipulated and formed on a wheel into something useful and pretty.
She tore off a hunk of wet clay and dropped it onto the center of the wheel, reaching down to turn the power on.
Getting her hands wet, she felt the pull of the clay and centered it on the wheel so it could begin to take shape.
"What are you making?"
Jared asked, taking a seat at the next empty potter's wheel.
He, too, picked up a lump of red clay and began the process of centering it.
"Are you here to harass me?"
she asked.
"No.
I'm here to make a vase," he replied tartly.
Mina sneaked a glance, and was actually surprised at how deftly his hands moved over the clay.
But, still irritated from the other night, she ignored him.
"You know you can't ignore me forever," he said.
His hands moved as if they were in tune with the clay.
"Watch me," Mina answered from between clenched teeth.
"It wasn't an impolite question.
I'm trying to carry on a civil conversation with you."
"There's nothing civil about you, and I would prefer to not carry this conversation any further."
Mina grunted in protest as she took her eyes off the wheel to confront Jared.
Her mound of clay became unbalanced and flopped over to the side.
"That's too bad," he replied.
"You should never let distractions get in the way of your goals.
It always leads to misfortune."
"You want to know what I'm making?"
Mina asked.
"Here."
She stopped the wheel and hit the lopsided clump with her fist.
"It's an ashtray."
She scooped the piece up, threw it back into the clay bucket, and walked out of the classroom, stopping at the nearest bathroom to wash the red clay from her hands and nails.
She wondered what had come over her, but something about that boy had gotten under her skin.
His unwillingness to be truthful with her, for one thing.
Mina didn't bother returning to her art class, knowing that she had enough finished pieces to pass the quarter.
Mr. Ames was pretty lenient when it came to art.
He never felt that the artist should be stifled, so they were allowed to come and go as they pleased as long as they had enough projects to pass.
Mina waited until the bell rang and practically flew toward Nan's locker.
"Nan, he's here."
Nan put her books away and looked at Mina.
"Who's here?"
"The boy from the alley."
She had told Nan about him in two short and stiff sentences over the weekend.
"No way!"
Nan held up her phone to Mina.
"Is this him?
I've been getting texts about him ever since he walked through the school doors.
My, he is cute, isn't he?"
She leaned over and looked into her locker mirror, and pressed her lips together to apply more gloss.
Today she wore an Aerosmith T-shirt and bottle-cap belt, her soft blonde hair flowing in waves just past her shoulders.
No matter what outfit or ensemble Nan wore, she was always beautiful.
Mina thought for a second.
"I guess he is kind of cute.
And if he weren't so rude, you would probably like him."
Nan and Mina walked toward the lunchroom, and Mina was secretly relieved to see that she was not the center of attention.
Nan pulled on Mina's jacket to lead her over to their usual table, but Mina froze when she saw Jared was already sitting there.
Mina pulled away from Nan, and went to sit by Brody and his friends, who looked at her in surprise.
Nan followed glumly and sat down, too.
Disappointed she didn't get to meet the hot new guy, she was quickly appeased when Justin from the water polo team started flirting with her.
"I'm glad that you're okay."
Brody leaned over to Mina and whispered so only she could hear.
"I've been worried about you.
I waited for you, and you never showed up.
I've been tearing myself to pieces with worry."
"Nothing to be worried about.
See, I'm fine."
Mina gestured to her body, that she was in fact whole and in one piece.
Brody stared at her face and the faint outline of the bruise on her cheek.
Her makeup had done a good job of covering up most of the yellowness, but it had started to fade.
Her hand flew to her cheek reflexively when she noticed his stare.
"Does it hurt?"
he asked.
"Not anymore.
Like I told you, I'm fine."
"Is that why you didn't come to school?"
"There would have been too many awkward questions.
It was easier to stay home."
Brody nodded in understanding "What did you tell your mom?"
"Nothing yet.
I have nothing new to tell her."
Brody stiffened.
Mina could tell he was angry that she hadn't told her mother.
"Why not?"
"It would make her worry."
"She should be worried.
You should be worried!"
He spoke in a clipped manner.
"Brody, if you're going to start this argument again, then I'll find somewhere else to sit."
Mina turned to get up.
"No, wait.
I won't bring it up again."
Brody reached out and grabbed her arm.
"I'm just glad you're safe."
She licked her lips nervously.
"Thanks to you.
I'm sorry for the way that I acted."
"No," Brody interrupted.
"I shouldn't have pressured you into going to the police.
I'm just glad you're okay.
I've been worried sick, since I had no way to call you and you didn't come to school."
Mina could feel Jared's eyes studying her from across the lunchroom, so she continued to talk to Brody.
For some reason this seemed to upset Jared, and she could tell even from a distance that he glowered.
It was funny to see her and Nan's usually empty table now filled with girls vying for Jared's attention and boys trying to assess their competition.
But he still managed to shoot her dark looks that made her skin crawl.
Lunch flew by, and Mina was dismayed to find that Jared was in two more of her classes.
How had he managed it, when Nan couldn't even get her schedule to follow Mina's?
Thankfully, he didn't try to start any more conversations with her.
Maybe it was because Mina kept glaring at him and holding up her textbook like it was the Great Wall of China.
It was during the last period of the day, right before the bell rang, that he finally spoke up again.
"You didn't bring it, did you?"
he asked in a whisper.
"Bring what?"
Mina kept her eyes glued to the sentence she was reading, even though she had already read it ten times.
She had been unable to study since he sat down.
"You know what.
Tell me you brought it."
He actually looked a little panicked that she might not have it with her.
"No, I didn't."
Mina glared at him.
"I was almost attacked and killed because I had it.
I'm not going to carry it around with me everywhere.
I wouldn't be safe."
Jared's face became stiff, and his jaw clenched in anger.
"You're not safe without it."
"What do you care?
I'm not supposed to live past the end of the week, remember?
Your exact words."
Thankfully, the bell rang, and Mina stood up and stomped out of the classroom, leaving an opened-mouth Jared in her wake.
He called her name, but she ignored him.
She made a beeline for her locker and was actually hoping that Brody had forgiven her and was waiting by it; thankfully, he was.
Mina grinned as he reached over to grab her bag from her.
A girl could really get used to this, she thought.
She was so preoccupied on the drive home that she didn't even notice when Brody drove right to her front door.
"How did know where I live?"
she asked quietly.
Brody nodded toward the Golden Palace and the mural of articles plastered with Mina's face, the Wongs' advertisement that they rented to the town hero.
"I did my own investigation.
So you live in a Chinese restaurant?"
Brody asked, his cheeks dimpling with uncontained mirth.
Mina's own cheeks burned with embarrassment.
"No, I live above a Chinese restaurant.
Big difference, believe me."
She laughed hesitantly at her own lame joke.
Brody leaned away from the car, hands in his pockets.
"Either way, I'm jealous.
I love Chinese food."
"You should try their pot stickers sometime.
They are to die for," Mina answered casually.
"Sounds good.
It's a date, then."
He walked to the Golden Palace, opened the door, and motioned for her to go in.
"I didn't ask?er, I wasn't implying that we should."
She stumbled on her words.
Brody smiled.
"I know you didn't.
I did.
I'm taking you out on a date.
A real date, not just drive-through burgers."
"I don't know if that's such a good idea."
Mina felt as if her world was collapsing in on her.
Could this be real?
Or some impossible fairy tale dreamt up by the Story?
Either way, she didn't want it to end.
Brody paused at the entrance to the Golden Palace to study the crudely placed pictures and articles about Mina taped to the glass.
He looked from the paper clippings to Mina and back.
"You know, those pictures don't do you justice."
Mina pushed him farther into the restaurant and away from the newspaper mural.
Mrs. Wong waved excitedly and motioned for them to take a seat.
Mina didn't know what to do with her hands, so she kept fidgeting with the chopsticks on the table.
By the time Mrs. Wong brought them over some ice waters, Mina's nerves were so taut that she knocked over her ice water on the table, some spilling into Brody's lap.
"I'm so sorry!"
Mina began pulling napkins out of the dented holder and flung them at Brody.
She was so distressed that she accidentally pulled the casing off the napkin holder, which flew across the floor and spun to a stop by a wide-eyed Mrs. Wong.
Brody jumped up and began dabbing calmly at his thighs.
When the table no longer looked like Niagara Falls, he excused himself to go clean up in the bathroom, laughing the whole way.
Mina groaned and pounded her forehead against the table repeatedly.
Mrs. Wong rushed up to the table to voice her opinion as soon as Brody left.
"Ooohhh, he a hottie, that one.
Meehna, you keep that one for sure, bring him by more often!
I will get lots of business."
Mina tried to look at Mrs. Wong, but a piece of napkin from the wet table was stuck to Mina's forehead, obscuring her view.
"You have got to be kidding.
I doubt he will ever be seen in public with me again.
I'm a walking, talking disaster."
Mrs. Wong snatched the napkin from Mina's forehead and started waving it in the air at her while she lectured Mina.
"You leesten to me.
He nice boy, will forgive real quick with kissy."
Mrs. Wong raised her eyebrows and bobbed her head at Mina encouragingly.
Mina groaned and pounded her head against the table again.
When Brody came back, they ordered and sat silently while Mrs. Wong kept filling their bowls with all-you-can-eat pot stickers.
"You're right, these are to die for."
Brody took another bite.
"But does she always hover like this?"
Brody cocked his head to a smiling Mrs. Wong, who continued to make smooching faces whenever he turned his back.
"Um, no.
I think they changed the dose on her meds," Mina lied, trying desperately not to look in Mrs. Wong's direction.
Pretty soon her husband came out in his white apron and joined in the pantomime of advice.
His wife must have told him about Mina's embarrassing spectacle, because he shook his head in his wife's direction and mimed dropping a napkin on the floor.
Both of them were miming different actions, perhaps trying to get Mina to crack.
Mina kept shaking her head "no" in their direction.
When Brody saw Mina's head shake and looked over his shoulder, the couple finally dropped their act and began furiously cleaning the counters.
As soon as he turned back, they went at it again.
"You ready to get out of here?"
Mina asked desperately, looking over Brody's shoulder.
Brody threw some money on the table while Mina stared daggers at the laughing couple, and they escaped into the crisp afternoon air.
They started walking the different districts with no particular destination in mind.
Mina knew they needed to discuss what happened the other night, but she wasn't sure she was ready.
She'd found the Grimoire, but she didn't know how Jared or the man with the wolf tattoo figured in, and she was running out of ideas.
But she didn't know if she could trust Brody to help without blabbing to the police, or worse her mother.
As if reading her mind, Brody spoke up.
"You know you can talk to me, right?
I'm here for you."
Mina kicked a stray piece of rock with her shoe.
"How can I, when I barely know you?"
"I'm trying to amend that," he said softly.
He brought his hand down and cupped her small hand in his.
Mina tried to pull away, but he held on.
"I'm sorry that I pressured you into going to the police after what happened, but you have to understand I was scared for you.
I wanted to protect you."
Mina shook her head, but Brody continued, "You're right-I don't know what's going on.
But I want to help you.
I want to be there for you."
"I can't talk about it.
I'm not ready to talk about it.
I'm still trying to figure things out.
But when I know more, when I'm ready, I'll tell you."
It was the most she could promise.
They headed down the hill to the river walk, and Brody bought some bread to feed the geese in the river.
Mina couldn't help but glare at the geese angrily, and she refused to throw them bread.
"You got a grudge against geese?"
Brody joked.
"You bet I do.
Stupid birds."
Mina snorted.
She was boycotting all geese for leading her into danger.
Now, even though Mina wasn't the one throwing the bread or even holding it, the geese waddled out of the river and seemed to be pecking their way toward her.
Mina jumped back and kept walking backward, but it was as if they had heard her call them stupid.
They kept following her until Mina stumbled and landed on her butt in the grass.
Screaming, Mina held up her hands as the swarm of geese started to crawl over her.
"Get out of here.
Scram!"
Brody yelled, kicking and pushing the flock away from Mina.
Reaching down, he grabbed her arm and pulled her up and out of the reach of the geese.
The geese kept following.
Laughing, Brody physically lifted Mina up out of their reach and over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
Mina's feet swung in the air, her hair hanging over her face upside down.
Brody moved away from the river and away from the attacking flock.
He turned around to look at the geese and burst out laughing.
The whole gaggle diligently followed them in a V formation.
"I think you underestimate these geese.
They are definitely not stupid."
Brody laughed.
"They are, too.
Put me down!"
Mina cried out, hitting Brody's back playfully.
"No way, not until you're out of danger.
I won't abandon you again."
He held on tighter, walking faster.
Mina rolled her eyes at the geese, which never actually bit her but certainly startled her.
She tried making shooing motions over Brody's shoulder, to no avail.
Finally she whispered between clenched teeth, "If you don't get lost now, there won't be a happy ending.
I happen to be friends with a restaurant owner who would love some fresh goose."
The geese immediately turned and headed back to the river.
Mina stared in amazement, while Brody, realizing that the threat was over, put Mina down.
"That was the strangest thing I've ever seen."
Mina snorted.
"Not for me."
"Are there a lot of strange things that happen around you?"
"Haven't you noticed I'm cursed?"
Mina meant the words as a joke, but as soon as they left her mouth, she felt a tingle of apprehension through her bones.
The words were the truth, plain and simple.. Brody shook his head.
They spent the evening on the river walk, watching the different street performers and musicians entertain guests.
"I've never been down here before."
"It's like the wrong side of the tracks for your kind."
"What do you mean by 'my kind'?"
Brody stopped and looked at Mina carefully.
"Well, you know?"
She shrugged.
"No, I don't know."
"The rich kind."
Brody rolled his eyes.
"Mina, you don't get it.
I don't care about money or fame or social status.
I would rather have been born without it.
My family is hardly ever home because of it.
My friends are only my friends because they think that I can do something for them.
Everyone is always watching me, judging me, trying to see if I'm going to fit into the box they want me in, whether it's spoiled rich kid or reckless heir.
In a way, being rich is its own curse."
Mina pondered his words, letting them sink in.
They were the same in many ways.
"I'm sorry, Brody.
You're right."
"No, don't apologize.
I mean, I was that person, for a while.
I was what money had made me into, but not anymore.
I'm trying to change.
I'm trying to be worthy of you."
Mina blanched in surprise.
"Funny.
I feel like it's the other way around.
I feel like I need to pinch myself, or wake up from whatever dream I'm in, because I can't understand why you want to be my friend."
"You really don't get it, do you?"
Brody turned Mina toward him and held tightly onto her shoulders.
"I don't want to be your friend."
Chapter 13
Mina's stomach dropped into her shoes.
She looked at the ground in dismay.
She knew this was too good to be true.
She tried to turn away, but Brody gripped her shoulders harder.
She looked up in surprise just as Brody kissed her gently on the forehead.
"I want to be more."
Mina felt her knees go weak, and for once she had no snappy retort.
"But I have a feeling, if I pressure you, you're going to run for the hills," Brody continued.
"So I'm willing to wait until you're ready."
He had pulled her into a hug and was whispering into her hair.
"See you're already shaking."
He pulled away from her, and she felt an immediate sense of loss.
That one brief moment had felt?right.
Mina sighed wistfully, but didn't feel totally abandoned, as Brody continued to hold her hand.
He walked her up the stairs to the door of her flat.
Mina fumbled for the key and dropped it.
She reached down sheepishly and was about to insert it when the door opened on its own.
"That's strange," Mina said, leaning past Brody and pushing the door further open until it finally hit something solid.
The little view they had through the opened door was enough to make Mina's heart race with fear.
Their kitchen was destroyed.
Panicking, Mina pushed on the door harder, but it didn't budge.
Sensing her fear, Brody helped her push and got the door open, but grabbed Mina's arm just as she was about to run headlong into danger.
A chair had been knocked over in front of the door.
Brody shook his head and held up one finger to his mouth.
He entered first, silently, and moved through each room, looking behind curtains, under beds, and in the closets.
When he was sure it was safe, he motioned for Mina to enter her family's apartment.
The sparse furnishings were knocked over, dumped out, and looked to have been rummaged through, but nothing was actually damaged too badly.
When you didn't own a lot, a thorough search wouldn't actually take too long.
"No one's here."
Mina needed to see for herself.
She followed the same steps Brody took and noticed nothing was terribly wrong.
She could probably put her home to rights before her family got home.
She was about to enter her bedroom, but Brody stopped her.
"Mina, it doesn't look too bad except for that room.
It's been destroyed."
Mina peeked into her own bedroom and felt her cheeks burn with embarrassment.
It looked exactly the same as before, except her dresser drawers had been left open, with clothes hanging out.
But Mina wasn't about to admit it.
She closed her bedroom door and walked back to the kitchen, and began to put drawers and utensils back where they belonged.
Brody went to the living room and helped pick up the potted plants, even sweeping up the dirt.
Mina was secretly impressed that he hadn't once urged her to call the police.
She was now doubly thankful that she had taken the Grimoire to school with her, despite what she'd told Jared.
Wait a minute.
Could he have done this?
she thought.
Could he have followed her home and trashed her house while she was out with Brody?
He knew who she was, he knew about the Grimoire, and he'd specifically asked if she'd left it at home.
Maybe he was in league with this Grey Tail, and simply trying to gain her trust?
Brody noticed that Mina had quit straightening and had begun to shake.
He saw her, and this time she came to him willingly and buried her face in his chest.
"It's okay.
I'll protect you," he whispered.
Mina wished she could believe Brody, but he had no idea what she was up against.
How could he protect her and her family?
Mina was still wrapped up in Brody's arms when the door opened and Sara walked in, carrying brown paper grocery bags.
She dropped them on the floor when she saw her daughter in the arms of an unknown boy.
Mina jumped back guiltily.
Brody regretfully let her go, bending down to help her mother regain the dropped bags.
"Pardon me, Mrs.
Grime."
Brody deposited the bags onto the kitchen table.
He turned, scooped the bag Charlie was carrying out of his hands, and picked up the cans that had escaped onto the floor before Sara could recover and close her mouth.
"And who are you?"
Sara asked.
Mina wished her mother wasn't always so suspicious.
"Brody Carmichael."
He leaned forward and offered Sara his hand.
"I know Mina from school."
Sara's eyes widened when she recognized the name.
"Oh, that's right.
He's the boy who you lent your notes to for class.
Seriously, Brody, you should learn to take your own notes and not live off the sympathy of others," Sara lectured.
Brody's eyes widened with shock.
He looked over to a white-faced Mina before answering.
"You are absolutely right, Mrs. Grime.
But you see, if I hadn't asked to borrow your daughter's notes, I would have had no excuse to ask her on a date," he lied.
Mina could have died right then and been happy.
Brody looked over at Mina with a crooked smile and raised eyebrow.
He was going to ask her about this conversation later.
She knew it.
Sara, however, wasn't convinced.
"And you're the boy who ran over Mina's bike."
"Yes, unfortunately that as well.
And I really couldn't be more embarrassed.
But I was so surprised to see her on my front porch, I wasn't watching where I was driving.
I'm trying to make up for it by giving Mina rides to and from school."
"Oh.
Oh, I see."
Sara smiled.
"Please call me Sara.
Mrs. Grime sounds old."
She began putting away the groceries.
"Sorry about the mix-up with the work pamphlets.
My boss told me your house, and I sent Mina to drop it off.
We never did figure out where the mix-up in communication was or where it was really supposed to go.
But maybe it was fate."
When Sara left it at that, Mina wanted to crawl under a rock and hide.
She couldn't make eye contact with Brody.
Brody stayed for a supper of spaghetti and meatballs, which turned into a rather awkward event.
He would direct questions toward Charlie, but when Charlie wouldn't answer, Brody would speak louder, as if he was deaf.
"He can hear you," Mina said, giving her brother a sisterly kick under the table.
"He just doesn't talk."
Charlie tried to hide his smile but couldn't.
Mina knew he had enjoyed tormenting Brody.
All through dinner, Brody gave Mina pointed stares, looking around the kitchen, as if he could get her to tell her mom what had happened by sheer will.
But Mina kept trying to mouth words like "not yet," or "not now."
Brody apparently wasn't going to let it slide.
"Do you feel safe here, Sara?"
Mina could have kicked him if she'd had long enough legs.
"Why, yes, of course I do.
What would make you say that?"
Sara asked.
"It's just that you're here all alone in an older section of town, with two kids.
I was just wondering if you ever felt like you were endangering them by living here in the international district."
"What kind of question is that?"
Sara asked heatedly.
Brody's jaw tightened in anger.
"I'm trying to protect your daughter, but she doesn't seem to think she is in any danger."
Brody put it all on the table and looked to Mina in challenge.
Mina knew then that if she didn't tell her mother now, Brody would.
"Mom, you know that family thing that we discovered last week?
The one where I would most likely face certain obstacles and you agreed to let me try?"
Mina tried to hint; she didn't want to alarm her younger brother or give Brody too much information.
"Yes?"
Sara spoke warily, her eyes darting worriedly between Brody and Charlie.
"Well, someone was looking for something that I didn't have.
They confronted me outside a library last week and two days ago in an alley.
And it seems they were here in our house just a few hours ago."
"What?"
Brody and Sara said in unison.
Brody didn't know that Mina had been attacked in an alley.
Sara looked at Brody.
"What?
You didn't know?"
"Not about all of it.
I knew about the library, because I was there, but not about another attack in the alley.
It's why I was asking about your safety."
Brody had started speaking in the vague way Mina did, in an effort to protect Charlie as well.
"I see."
Sara sat down calmly at the table and tried to compose herself.
Charlie watched his mother quietly.
Sara leaned over and whispered to Charlie, who brightened at her comment, ran to the freezer and took out a gallon of ice cream, and went to his room.
When Charlie's door was shut and the sound of cartoons could be heard from behind the door, Sara turned to look at Brody.
He spoke before she could.
"Are you two in some kind of trouble?
Are there people after you?
What can I do to help you?"
Brody stood up and paced the kitchen.
Sara continued eating her dinner and wiped her mouth daintily with her napkin.
"This really is a family matter, Brody.
But don't worry-we haven't done anything illegal, and I won't let anyone harm my daughter ever again.
I've moved across country six times to protect Mina from what is after her, and I'm prepared to move continents if I have to."
Brody froze at her words.
"You know who's after her, and you haven't gone to the police?"
He turned on Sara.
"If what you're saying is true, then the police can find the person.
They can stop this man."
"I told you, this is a family matter."
Brody looked to Mina in a panic.
"I won't let you run, not if I can help you.
If you will just let me help you?"
Sara pretended he'd directed his question at her.
"Can you help us run from a curse?"
"What?
I don't understand," Brody began, but Sara cut him off.
"Brody, you've spent two years at the same school as Mina, hardly talking to her, never even realizing she is alive.
Then she goes and does something crazy, against my wishes.
She placed her own life in danger to save yours."
Her face became very still.
"Now, because of those actions, our whole family has to live with the consequences.
You now feel obligated to help her, like she did you.
I get that, I really do.
But what gives you the right to question our actions and lifestyle?"
Silence filled the kitchen.
Mina held her breath, afraid to move.
Brody straightened in his seat and swallowed slowly.
Sara brushed her hands over her forehead in defeat.
"You're enamored.
That's it.
In another week or so, you will wake up, and this will all be a dream.
You will forget that Mina ever even saved your life.
She will go back to being my clumsy, forgotten, outcast teen daughter, and you will go back to ruling the school and dating the head cheerleader."
Silent tears fell down Mina's cheeks.
How could her mother say these things?
Mina refused to look at either of them, staring at her plate of uneaten pasta and letting her mother's words-words she knew were the truth-sink in.
She could have stopped her mother, but Mina knew that Sara was only protecting her.
Sara pointed her fork at Brody accusingly, a giant meatball stuck on the end.
"I've seen it all before.
This will fade-it won't last-and you will leave Mina for another.
We aren't like you people.
You two are oil and water.
But how we live our life is of no concern to you or your family.
My daughter doesn't challenge your choices or way of life, so don't do it to us.
You haven't earned that right or proven yourself worthy."
Once Sara had her say, she set her fork down and began slicing the meatball into bite-sized pieces.
Placing a piece in her mouth, she chewed slowly, challenging Brody with her eyes.
Mina was stunned at how well Brody took the news.
He listened and never once questioned Sara's sanity, maybe because it was her mother, and not Mina herself, who was explaining things to him.
Instead he was quiet, contemplative.
"That explains a lot," he said finally.
Brody stood and excused himself from the dinner table.
"Thank you for dinner and an enlightening evening, Sara.
Mina."
Brody nodded his head in both their directions and let himself out the front door.
"What just happened, Mom?"
Mina asked.
Her lip began quivering, tears flowing freely.
Her heart felt like it had been ripped in two.
Sara sat back in her chair and sighed, eyes wide.
"I think you've just been dumped."
Chapter 14
Sara looked at her daughter, who was clearly devastated, and immediately adopted a softer tone.
"I'm so sorry, honey.
I judged him wrong.
I thought he could handle the challenge of the truth, that he could even be the one."
"What do you mean, Mom, 'the one'?
I don't want 'the one,' just a boyfriend."
"That's not your fate, Mina.
Anyone you're not serious about-and even those you are serious about-are going to get hurt.
Think about it.
Fairy tales time and time again have a hero who will battle to the end to save the heroine.
I was hoping he would fight for you more, challenge me, tell me I was wrong and be your knight, like your father was for me.
But I misjudged him.
I'm sorry."
Sara tried to put her hand on Mina's, but Mina jerked it away.
"Just?leave me alone.
For a little while.
Can you least do that for me, after you drove him away?"
Mina tried to ignore her mother's hurt expression and went to the living room window, peering out to the street below.
Sure enough, Brody's car was gone.
Still silently crying, Mina went to the front door, locked it, and put a chair in front of the handle.
She then went to every window, checked and locked all of them.
Going to her bedroom, Mina grabbed a throw blanket, opened her window, and crawled up the fire escape to the roof.
The roof was Mina's one retreat from the world.
As the only tenant in the small building, Mina had the space all to herself and could lavish the roof with fun items, her own personal touch.
Since it was twilight, she went to a small electrical outlet and switched on the power, illuminating the small space with strands of white Christmas lights and various illuminated patio lights.
Last summer Mina had dragged up two lawn chairs and had even planted fake plastic flowers in all the planters.
Italian music played softly from a restaurant down the street, and Mina collapsed in a lawn chair.
Wrapping herself in the blanket, Mina watched as steam rose from various vents and chimneys across the building's roofs.
She cried herself to sleep, unaware of the eyes that watched her.
Chapter 15
Mina spent the next morning avoiding everyone, and trying unsuccessfully to transfer her classes with the school office.
It would mean giving up homeroom with Nan, but Mina was desperate.
She didn't think she could stomach Brody's betrayal and Jared's discord at the same time and survive.
She had looked for Brody's car on the way to school and in the parking lot, but didn't see it.
He wasn't even at lunch.
Mina pushed her food around on her tray and waited for Nan to join her.
Along with feeling guilty and depressed, Mina had opened her locker to find another note.
Quite a few, actually; her locker was stuffed with them.
Some said LOSER, FAKE, GOLD DIGGER, but the one that scared her most was the one written in red ink.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE!
YOU'RE DEAD!
Mina couldn't figure out what she could have done to cause this kind of discord.
She had tried to live a quiet and unnoticed life and had been relatively successful until the school field trip.
For two whole days, she had been a celebrity, but once that news died down, things had settled a bit.
Certainly enough that she hadn't expect this.
Her best bet was to try to finish whatever tale she was in right now, and move on to the next as soon as possible.
If only she could figure out what the Story wanted from her.
What did she need to do to reach the ending?
She was so deep in self-pity that Mina didn't even notice when someone sat down next to her.
"It doesn't have to be this way between us, you know."
Mina looked up to see Jared leaning against the table, dressed head to toe in black with black jeans, black shoes, and a black jacket.
"I've decided that I would rather not get to know you, since you don't care enough to explain things to me or even help me.
So if you're not going to do either, then you're just a thorn in my side.
Now please, go sit elsewhere."
Mina attacked her chicken-fried steak with her fork.
A helpless victim of her irrational bitterness toward Jared.
Jared looked at Mina's lunch and laughed.
He had a very engaging smile, which only made her mood turn darker.
Why should he be so cheerful when she felt so, well, grim?
"Tell you what," he said.
"You live out the week, and I will agree to help you."
Mina turned on him angrily.
"Did you ransack my house?"
"What?
No."
Jared's smile fell from his face.
"I did not, nor have I ever, entered your home.
But I probably know who did."
His dark brows furrowed in thought.
"Strange, I wouldn't have thought him smart enough to try."
"Who, Jared?
If you know something that could protect my family, then you need to tell me."
Mina was getting more frustrated by the minute.
One minute he was charming, the next minute he was as elusive and vague as the best politician.
"Grey Tail wouldn't have gone there on his own.
He would have been sent by someone with enough power to sway the wolf pack."
Jared looked worried.
"Wolf pack?
Jared, what are you talking about?"
Mina felt the hair on the back of her arms rise in fear.
She didn't get an answer to her question, because Pri and Savannah brought their trays and sat down next to Mina.
They began chatting like they were long-lost friends.
Jared leaned back and watched the exchange with narrowed eyes.
"So, Mina, what do you think of the theme for this year's dance?"
Savannah asked, drawing attention to her white-blonde hair by flipping it over her shoulder.
"What theme?"
Mina asked, barely hiding her annoyance.
"They're calling it 'Enchanted.'
We're all supposed to dress up as famous storybook characters."
"I hadn't heard, I guess.
I've been pretty busy."
Mina answered.
She had tried not to visibly cringe when she heard the theme.
How ironic was that?
She had been so distracted she had forgotten completely about the dance, but then she did recall Nan texting pictures back and forth with people in possible dresses and costumes.
"So then Brody Carmichael hasn't asked you to go with him?"
Savannah asked offhandedly, but her body stiffened, waiting for a reply.
Mina could have sworn she saw her hold her breath.
"No, I don't dance.
I've been told it's bad for my health," Mina answered casually, and watched as Savannah relaxed.
What she'd said was true; she had yet to attend a dance where it didn't end in a torn dress, broken shoe, or sprained ankle.
"What about you, Jared?
Are you going with anyone?"
Pri asked.
Her loaded question hung in the air like an atom bomb.
"Haven't decided yet," Jared answered carefully.
"I'm still getting settled in.
New student, remember."
It was a well-played answer, and Mina was envious of his excuse.
"Well, I am going as Rapunzel, and I could use a Prince Charming."
Savannah actually preened.
Mina raised her eyebrows, surprised at her brazenness.
"Rapunzel is not a good choice for you," Jared said softly.
"She was too nave, too innocent.
I would peg you for someone more mature, more cunning."
"Really?"
Savannah leaned forward into Jared's arm and actually purred.
"Who, then, should I go as?"
Jared leaned away from her with disgust.
"I would peg you as a jealous stepmother."
Savannah's face turned red with anger.
She was actually so mad she couldn't form words for a moment.
She stood up and stepped away from the table.
"Really!
And what would Miss Mina be, hhmmmm?
The ugly stepsister?
The greedy gold digger who was after my prince?"
Pri followed after her like the good minion she was.
Mina covered her eyes with her hands and tried to massage the headache that was beginning to plague her.
"You really shouldn't have done that," Mina chastised him.
"You just made my life even harder.
Nice work."
She stood up and left her lunch tray on the table, her fork standing at attention in the middle of her chicken-fried steak.
Walking out the double doors into the hall, Mina was surprised to see Brody coming down the corridor.
Mina took off down another hall, hoping he hadn't seen her.
Just seeing Brody brought back a flood of feelings that she wasn't ready to deal with.
She had actually felt relieved that he hadn't shown up that day for school.
When he called her name, Mina ducked into the marked stage doors, hoping he would pass her by when he turned the corner.
She quietly walked up the steps onto the stage, and sat down amongst all of the decorations the student council had started creating for the dance.
There was a tinseled park bench with lights strung around it.
A giant gingerbread house stood with life-size candy, a vine-covered wishing well, and a large stone tower.
Mina sat on the bench and pulled her knees up to her chest.
She buried her face in her knees, gently rocking herself.
She wished desperately that there was a way she could turn back time.
Maybe if her mother had never signed the stupid permission form, she wouldn't have gone on the field trip.
She wouldn't have saved Brody's life and would never have been noticed by the curse.
She might have made it all the way through high school without having been attacked by a stranger.
With what Jared said earlier, Mina became all the more skeptical of surviving this curse, because there was a wolf pack, as in plural, as in more of those crazy tattooed biker guys after her.
Mina thought she was alone on the stage, but the sound of a stage lever being pulled made her glance up in alarm.
The stage was flooded with lights as the dance displays lit up in all of their beauty.
They shone, sparkled, and dazzled Mina speechless.
She actually had to cover her eyes to make out the person who triggered the lights.
A dark form walked out of the shadows and stood before Mina, tall and handsome.
Mina actually shivered when she looked at Brody, feeling as if her body had gone without water for days, and here was the answer to her thirst.
His blond hair and blue eyes conveyed a softness to his face above a strong, chiseled jaw.
His hands were in his designer jeans' pockets as he walked casually toward her on the bench.
She felt as if she was under a spell, mesmerized by his movements.
Closing her eyes, she tried to block out his glorious being.
Maybe if she didn't see him, he would disappear.
"Mina."
Brody's voice sounded husky to Mina's ears.
"Go away," she answered weakly.
Her heart thudded in her chest, and it felt like it would burst.
"I need to speak to you."
"You've done enough talking.
You made your point on the whole situation last night."
"No, I didn't."
Brody knelt before her and stroked the back of her hair.
"Mina, please hear me out."
Brody reached out and wrapped his hands around her.
She was so small that he was able to maneuver her so that when he sat on the bench, she was tucked across his lap.
She tried to squirm at first, but Brody held onto her, nuzzling her ear, which made her freeze.
"What your mother said last night?well, it scared me."
"I know.
It seemed enough to scare you away."
Mina tried to move away, but Brody nuzzled her again, making her freeze.
It was both an intoxicating feeling and an overwhelming rush.
"Not like you think.
I went home, destroyed a few classic guitars, rode my motorcycle across the county.
I ended up in another state, and I still couldn't contain my thoughts.
You're all I think about, and last night I had an uncontrollable rage warring within me.
I want to fight this battle for you, but I know that it's not my fight.
You will tell me what you're afraid of when you feel ready.
Your mother's right.
I have no right to judge your family.
I haven't proven myself yet.
And I made it worse by leaving last night the way I did.
I'm sorry-I shouldn't have left."
Mina's heart soared to new heights.
He hadn't run from her because he was ashamed of her or didn't see a future with her.
He ran because he wanted to protect her.
This time it was Mina who felt protective of Brody.
"I'm sorry that I doubted you," she said quietly.
"You confuse me."
"What is there to be confused about?"
Brody asked.
"I thought for sure you had ended our friendship or relationship or whatever this is."
Mina looked into his deep blue eyes and felt herself begin to drown.
"So you started to build up that wall between us again.
I can tell.
You like to hide behind that wall, locked inside that tower."
Brody cupped Mina's face and whispered softly, "I guess I'm going to have to work on tearing down that wall, brick?"
He kissed her eyelids, "?by brick?"
He kissed her pert little nose, "?by brick."
Brody continued to kiss her cheeks, her chin, and finally her lips.
Mina knew it was coming but was still startled by the feel of his lips on her mouth.
It was glorious, sweet, and beautiful.
She went lightheaded with joy.
When he pulled away from their gentle kiss, she felt saddened by his parting, until he placed another quick kiss on her lips.
"By brick," he whispered.
***
The rest of the day at school, Mina floated along.
She had never felt so wonderful, and for now, nothing, not even Jared, could ruin her mood.
He noticed the change in her behavior and tried to make a comment that would rile her, but she blew it off.
Everything would turn out right, because Brody was there for her.
She could feel it.
Mina was supposed to meet Brody by his locker after school, and as soon as the bell rang she practically skipped down the hall toward him.
But a rough hand on her elbow stopped her.
"What do you think you're doing?"
She turned and wasn't the least bit surprised to see Jared on the other end of her elbow.
"Let go of me."
She tried to shake him off, but Jared squeezed tighter.
"Come with me, and I'll tell you what you want to know."
"Why?"
He was silent.
"I can't," she said, happy to blow him off.
"Brody's giving me a ride home.
Maybe later?"
she asked, smiling.
It was the wrong thing to say to him, because his eyes darkened dangerously.
"You don't know who you're dealing with here.
I was going to help you, tell you information to help you stay alive, but it seems you've picked your model boyfriend over your life."
He dropped her elbow and strode away.
Mina waited ten seconds, thinking through her options, and then chased after Jared into the parking lot.
He must have been expecting her, because he was already astride a black motorbike.
It was sleek, exciting, and dangerous, just like Jared himself.
She hesitated.
Was this really wise?
He held out an extra helmet to her.
"You knew I would come, didn't you?"
Mina demanded angrily.
"You could have at least let me tell Brody where I'm going so he doesn't worry."
Jared shook his head.
"This is a one-time deal, expiring soon."
He kick-started the bike.
"Like now."
Mina sighed and really wished she had a cell phone to text Brody that she wasn't in danger.
But as soon as Jared peeled out of the parking lot and sped along the road, Mina had to rethink her last thought, gripping onto Jared's waist so she wouldn't fly off the bike.
Maybe she was.
Chapter 16
Jared sped along the interstate, and fifteen minutes later he was pulling up to Emerald Lake.
He turned off the motorcycle and removed his helmet, laying it on the seat.
Turning, he held out his hand for Mina's helmet as well.
"What are we doing here?"
Mina asked, pulling off her backpack.
"Practicing," Jared answered.
"Practicing what?"
"How to stay alive."
Mina thought he was joking, but one look at Jared's set face, and she knew he wasn't.
"Okay.
Why now?"
she had to ask.
"Why not now?
Do you have anything else planned?"
Mina started to open her mouth, but Jared cut her off.
"I do, so it's now or never."
Annoyed, Mina followed Jared out to the water's edge.
He stopped by a maple tree and broke off a short branch.
Jared closed his eyes, and the stick began to glow.
Mina's eyes opened wide, and she stared in awe.
She'd already figured out that he was Fae, but watching him mold and shape a branch with power was certainly impressive, and hauntingly beautiful.
His eyes closed in concentration; it was almost as if he were communicating with the branch.
This was real magic, she realized, beautiful and pure.
Mina smiled and looked at Jared.
She didn't see the annoying boy from school.
She saw someone who was ethereal and glowing with power.
The rush of it took her breath away, long enough for her to forget, for a moment, that she didn't entirely trust him.
Mina's smile only faded when she recognized the shape he was molding the branch into.
It was a weapon, a wooden sword, much more dangerous-looking than any of Charlie's.
The beautiful moment passed.
Once the wooden blades stopped glowing, she snapped out of her reverie and realized her mistake.
She was miles from the nearest house, without a phone.
She was with a strange boy who had powers and had just morphed a tree branch into a sword.
Jared had never told her exactly whose side he was on.
She took a step away from him.
Jared just looked at her, eyebrows raised, and handed her the sword.
"What's this for?"
she asked, worrying over the answer.
"It's a weapon, dummy."
"And what am I supposed to do with it?"
"You're not really that dull, are you?"
Mina stuck out her tongue in response.
She swung the sword around a few times while Jared began to concentrate on a second branch.
"So where do you live?
Never-Never Land?"
she joked.
Jared opened one eye to address her, still concentrating on the branch.
"Something like that."
"Aren't the Fae supposed to be my enemy?"
"Some of them are.
Which is exactly why I brought you here."
With the second sword completed, Jared took off his shoes and stepped toward the water's edge, motioning for Mina to do the same.
"Not happening."
Mina felt her blood turn cold just looking at the water.
"It's either shoes, or I wish away your clothes," he threatened.
Mina jumped out of her shoes so fast, she stubbed her big toe on a tree root and had to waddle out to the lake bed like a wounded duck.
"Ouch, ouch, ouch!"
she mumbled, shifting from foot to foot.
When she reached the water's edge, she turned and stared at Jared, rolling her eyes impatiently.
He motioned for her to step deeper into the water.
Next thing she knew, with no warning, Jared rushed Mina, quickly stabbing at her with the sword.
She jumped backward and barely missed being gutted by the blade.
"What the heck!"
she shouted.
Jared turned again and swept his foot out, catching her behind the knee.
She fell backward into the water.
Cold liquid burned her lungs as she inhaled the water.
Mina flailed her arms and got on her knees, crawling to the edge and coughing.
"Why'd you do that!"
she spluttered.
"Relax, it's only water," he said.
"You're not letting your instincts guide you.
Let go of your fear, and I'll show you how to do what I just did."
Once she'd caught her breath, they started again.
He taught her blocks, stabs, and even a few basic flipping moves.
Obviously, most of the time he flipped her into the water, and she came up looking like a drowned duck.
Finally, Jared let Mina use a hip throw and knock him into the lake.
She screamed and ran around in circles with her hands in the air, chanting her name and doing a victory dance.
Jared grinned and waded out of the water over to their shoes.
Carefully, he looked for dead and fallen tree limbs, and made a fire on the beach, using a lighter.
Mina felt a little disappointed that he couldn't call up fire on the spot with magic.
But she forgot all about her disappointment when the heat began to warm her soaked clothes.
Jared sat next to her and began what would be a very enlightening lesson.
"There are various Fae?uh, fairy tale creatures that you will most definitely come across.
You've already met one of the wolves."
"Don't you mean fairy tale people, not creatures?
What I saw was a man, not a wolf."
"Don't let your eyes fool you.
You only see what's on this plane, not the next."
"You mean there's more than one?"
she asked.
Jared rolled his eyes at her question.
"Of course there is more than one plane.
For instance, there is the physical plane and spiritual plane.
Where the physical and spiritual planes meet and the veil between the two is thinner, weaker, and constantly moving exists the Fae plane.
Never-Never Land, as you say.
This is where the Story itself resides and all of the Fae tales originate.
The two planes almost never converge, but when they do, the merging of the spiritual and physical creates aperture, or gates, for the Fae to cross over.
Over the years, hundreds of Fae have crossed over and have run amok among the human world."
"Do you mean like fairies and witches?"
Mina asked.
"Your world drew them like moths to flame.
The Grimm brothers realized this.
Somehow the brothers found a gate to the Fae plane and confronted the ruling Fae, or, as some call them, the Fates.
The Grimms demanded that the Fae return to their own plane.
Now, the Fae love games more than anything, and they take great pleasure in toying with humans."
"Well, that much is obvious," she said.
"Touch," Jared replied, winking at her.
"But the older ones, that's who you need to worry about.
They love to feed off human emotions and energy.
It's addicting to them, like the purest kind of drug.
"You can imagine, these older beings weren't about to return to their own world easily.
But the Fae also love stories.
So a challenge was issued to the brothers: If they could complete a list of quests based on their favorite stories, then the Fae would be drawn back to their own world and the gates closed forever.
If they didn't, then the gates would stay open.
"The brothers discussed at length what to do, for the quests were numerous.
They couldn't possibly achieve all of them in their lifetime.
So they agreed, on the condition that if they couldn't finish the quests, then the next of their bloodline would be given a chance."
"It sounds too easy," Mina commented.
"It was, of course, but the ruling Fates were crafty.
Fae can't lie, you know.
But they can, and do, manipulate the truth."
"What's the difference?"
Mina asked.
"Like, if you asked me if you were ugly, I couldn't say yes, but I might tell you that you'll probably never be prom queen."
"Pfft.
Like I'd want to be."
"Only if Brody Carmichael were king."
Mina threw a stick at him, feeling the heat rush into her face.
"Mina, what I'm saying is, the Fates tricked your great ancestors.
What the brothers didn't know was that the quests would start over from the beginning if the chosen Grimm couldn't complete them."
"But that's not fair!
I shouldn't have to be shouldered with their unfinished business.
My family wouldn't be cursed if they were able to finish where the others left off.
The gate could have been closed long ago, and I would still have my father!
I hate this.
I hate the Fae!"
Mina let out a frustrated growl.
Jared's eyes darkened at her words, and Mina pinched her lips closed in remorse.
"Yes, the Fae are crafty.
They don't want the gates closed.
It means their playground would be off limits and they couldn't toy with the humans.
So the Fae continually try to impede the Grimms' progress.
They have learned to hide their essence between planes and appear human, normal.
But if you were able to see onto the next plane, you would see them for what they really are."
"You mean I would see that Grey Tail isn't human."
Jared nodded.
"Grey Tail is very much a Fae wolf, and like all wolves, they do run in packs."
Mina shivered and rubbed her hands together over the fire.
"And what do you look like on the next plane?"
"Imagine me now, except twice as handsome."
"Yeah, right."
Mina smiled for a moment, but the thought of facing others like Grey Tail truly scared her.
Swallowing, she tried to regain focus on what Jared was saying.
The clue to beating the curse lay somewhere with him, she knew it.
"So what about the Story?
You, my mother, everyone keeps referring to the Story as if it's a living, breathing thing."
"It wasn't at first, but it is now.
And it's very dangerous."
"I don't understand."
"Well, when the ruling Fates set forth the quests for Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm, they kept a record of the tales on the Fae plane as their way to keep an eye on the brothers' progress.
I told you the Fae love stories, and they loved to read the completed tales as the brothers finished each one.
But anything that resides within the Fae plane that long eventually gains power, and it did.
It became self-aware, a Fae in its own right, known as the Story.
It liked the attention it was receiving from the Fae, so the Story began to interfere on its own and set up the tales for the Grimm descendants as a way to gain more power."
"It doesn't sound real.
This sounds made up."
Mina bit the inside of her cheek.
"Believe me, I know how unbelievable it is.
Over the years the Story has grown on its own.
It became obsessed with re-creating the Fae tales, even forcing the characters to participate so it could grow more powerful."
"And the ruling Fates don't care?"
"Hardly.
The Fates became bored after the Grimm brothers passed on and cared little about their descendants.
Few were entertaining enough for them.
They?petered out too quickly.
Maybe if someone came close to breaking what you call the Grimm curse, they might peek their head out of the throne room and look, but not likely."
"Did my father know all of this?"
she asked.
"No."
"Why not?"
"Because he didn't ask for help."
"And I did?
When did I ask for help?
"In the alley, you called and you got me."
"And you are?"
"Not important.
All you need to know is that you're lucky you're so cute, and I decided to help you."
"But not prom queen cute."
"Definitely not."
They both smiled, but Mina realized with a start that he'd never answered her question.
"So about the Grimoire," Jared continued.
"It was initially a token bestowed upon the brothers by a sprite.
She didn't agree with the Fae running amok in the human world-not all of us do, you know.
So instead of impeding the brothers like so many other Fae, she became their ally.
She stole the Story when it was new in power and split it in an attempt to limit the damage.
She essentially made its doppelganger and gave it to the Grimm brothers as a guidebook.
The problem with that is, when you split a powerful object, the lines of good versus evil aren't separated equally.
There are always side effects."
"Let me get this straight.
You're saying that the Grimoire is like the Good Witch of the East, here on the human plane-here to help me and guide me.
While the Story is the same Wicked Witch of the West, only more powerful and evil, and it essentially wants to kill me?"
"More or less.
That about sums it up."
"Yikes.
I really am doomed."
"I wouldn't say it wants to kill you.
It wants you to complete the tales.
Remember, the more you complete, the stronger it becomes.
I just don't think it wants you to complete all of them."
"So how do I know how to complete the tales?"
"Some of it is based on intuition.
The Grimms were always a smart bunch, or so they say.
And through years of participating in the story, Grimm descendants seem to have their own kind of magic.
You'll pick up on things, notice coincidences.
A coincidence is often a sign that something in the Fae world is interacting on this plane."
Mina thought about showing up at the Carmichaels', and Brody running over her bike.
Coincidence, or was it more likely the Fae meddling in her affairs?
After a few moments, Jared got to his feet and changed the wooden sword into a small knife, and began explaining different ways to hold the knife and how to use the forearm to block downward thrusts.
He ran her through some exercises and then asked her to attack him.
"I can't," Mina whined.
"Yes, you can."
"No, I don't think I can anymore.
I'm cold, tired, and don't want to hurt you."
"Mina, you have to.
Your life depends on it."
Jared was getting angry.
"I told you, I can't."
"Do it for your brother.
Do it for Charlie!"
he yelled.
"Do it for your father!"
That was what made Mina step back and blink in surprise.
What was his connection to her father?
Was this some sort of sick joke?
Mina gripped the stupid knife and felt herself tense in preparation to attack.
He was lying to her, or, as he said, manipulating the truth.
He knew more than he was telling.
"What do you know about my father?"
Mina yelled angrily, hot tears burning in her eyes.
"I know that he was full of himself.
James didn't think he needed help and wouldn't take it when offered.
He tried to face the Story on his own terms, unprepared, and paid the ultimate price for his stubbornness.
And you're going to end up just like him if you don't prepare yourself," Jared called.
Mina felt her body tighten like a tightly wound spring.
"You're weak," Jared continued.
"If you don't get stronger, you're going to doom your mother to mourning not one child, but two."
That was the final straw; Mina grabbed her wooden knife and jumped at Jared, trying to push him more than hit him.
Jared pushed her back easily until she stumbled in the sand.
"Come on, you can do this.
Fight me."
Mina hung her head in shame, her heart pounding frantically in her chest.
She wanted to protect her family, her brother, but Jared's boot camp encouragement had the opposite effect.
She didn't want to watch her mother suffer again.
Perhaps her mom was right-they should leave, and get as far away from here possible.
They should try to outrun the Story.
Mina tossed the enchanted knife as hard as she could, watching as it created spirals in the lake after it disappeared into the dark depths.
She wiped her eyes with the cuff of her jacket and walked away from Jared toward the road.
"Where are you going?"
he asked.
"Away, far away."
Mina kept walking toward the main road.
It seemed really far, and her calves were burning from walking in the sand.
"You can't escape the Story," Jared called, hoping to spur her back to fighting.
"No, I can't.
But I can run."
Jogging to catch up with her, Jared tried to grab her shoulder and turn her to look at him, but she started pushing and hitting him.
"Go away.
Don't touch me!"
Mina sobbed.
"You've brought me nothing but pain.
I hate you."
She turned her face up to him in defiance, her brown eyes sparkling with tears.
Jared's sculpted jaw twitched with barely-contained anger.
Mina flailed, but Jared grasped her wrists to keep her from hitting him.
Eventually she quit struggling and stood still, quietly looking out over the water, refusing to make eye contact.
When a soft tear fell on his hand, Jared let go of her as if her tear had burned his hand.
As soon as he released her wrists, Mina pulled away from him and marched toward the road.
She had no plan, but at the moment a familiar green pick-up truck happened to be barreling down the road.
Mina waved her arms furiously, and soon she had a bewildered Asian couple in a green truck opening the back door to let her in.
She refused to look out the window at Jared as the truck sped away.
Chapter 17
As soon as Mina got upstairs, she decided to call Brody and apologize for not meeting him after school.
But there was no need, because he'd clearly been there.
At the top landing was a beautiful bike with a large red bow on top.
Mina screamed with delight, and Sara opened the door and laughed.
"It arrived a few hours ago.
I couldn't wait for you to see it."
Sara gently touched the bow and fingered a brown paper envelope.
"There's even a card for you, Mina."
Mina ran her fingers over the handle bars of the red, fully restored vintage Schwinn It was the exact year as her other one, but with actual working brakes and a kickstand.
She tore the red card open without even bothering to read her name on the front.
Mina,
Please forgive me for running out yesterday.
I had a lot on my mind, mostly you.
Ever since you risked your life to save me, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you, and I don't want to.
I want to be more than friends.
I want to be the one to rush in and save you time and time again.
I want to be your Prince.
Please accept this gift and go with me to the Enchanted Dance.
Yours forever, Brody Carmichael
P.S.
Please say you will go.
P.P.S.
If you don't say yes, you can still keep the bike.
P.P.P.S.
Say YES!
Attached was also Brody's phone number.
Mina jumped up and down in excitement and showed her mother the note.
She rushed inside and grabbed the cordless phone from its hanger by the fridge.
Her fingers were shaking so badly, she had to redial the number twice.
When Brody's deep voice answered the phone, Mina almost lost her nerve and found she couldn't immediately speak.
"Mina, is that you?"
"Yes, it's me."
She smacked her head, wishing she could have thought of something better to have said.
"I missed you after school.
Is everything okay?"
"Yes, it's fine.
I'm sorry, it was, um?family business that kept me from meeting you, but don't worry.
I wasn't in any danger."
"Oh!"
He sounded relieved.
"Is that why you called?"
Mina smiled into the phone.
"I called because I love the bike.
Thank you.
When did you have time to find one just like it?"
Brody laughed softly into the phone, a whisper of breath that made Mina shiver in delight.
"I actually ordered it the same day I rode over yours.
I was going to tell you about it in the car but decided to surprise you instead.
So have you decided about the dance?"
Mina couldn't keep the smile off her face.
"I don't know if dancing is how I would want to spend my birthday."
"Friday is your birthday?
I didn't know.
We can do something else, if you want."
"No, I think spending my birthday with you would be the perfect gift."
Mina smiled over the phone.
"So decide on what fairy tale couple you would like to go as, and then give me a call.
I would prefer to not go as the frog prince, if you get my drift.
Green and slimy doesn't look good on me."
Mina passed her bedroom mirror.
She touched the fabric of her red jacket, a reminder of the many piles of red clothes that littered the floor.
No matter what fairy tale princess or character she would try to go as, the Story would keep making her into the same one.
"How about Red Riding Hood?"
Mina intoned sadly.
Brody's voice brightened.
"Then I will be your hunter.
Never fear, Mina, I'll keep the big bad wolf away."
Those words sent a tingle of dread through her limbs.
She felt the power of the Story at work and actually feared that very conclusion.
*** After the phone call, Mina climbed out her window and made her way up to her rooftop retreat.
It was just after dark when she pulled out the red notebook.
She decided to look through the Grimoire where her mom wouldn't worry.
Out of sight, out of mind, really was the best medicine.
Mina reclined in the lounge chair and flipped through the notebook's pages.
Still only one story.
She caressed the lines and spoke to the Grimoire.
"So there's this dance and this boy.
I really want to go, but I'm scared of what will happen.
Do you think you can help me?
I could really use all the help I can get.
Please."
Mina waited as if for a response, but the wind chose that moment to pick up and swirl fallen leaves around the rooftop retreat like mini tornadoes.
She dropped the notebook, and the wind blew the pages closed.
Mina felt the hairline crackle of power crawl over her arms, and she knew that something was near.
"I take it that was a no," a masculine voice said behind her.
Mina turned and grabbed the Grimoire, holding it to her chest protectively, until she saw that it was Jared on the other side of the roof.
"What are you doing here?"
Mina snapped.
"I'm surprised you're asking the book for help.
I thought you had decided to run away.
You certainly seem to be good at it."
Jared walked past Mina, ignoring her to admire a rosebush growing up a brick wall.
"I know that I can't run forever, but I thought I could at least get away from you.
But even that seems impossible now."
Mina turned her back on Jared, and began to pick up her jacket and fold it over her arm.
She didn't hear Jared move, but in one second he was next to her, grabbing her wrist, holding it up to the waning light so he could see a faint outline of bruising.
He lightly rubbed the bruises with his thumbs.
Mina's eyes widened, and she jerked her hands out of his in surprise.
A caress from Jared was the last thing she would have expected.
His eyes turned dark, his expression unreadable.
Mina found herself rubbing her own wrists, whether to rub his touch away or soothe the pain, she wasn't sure.
"You can't run anymore.
It's too late."
Jared turned his back on her and looked out over the roofs of the international district, his dark hair blowing slightly in the wind.
"It was almost past the point of no return, once you stepped into the Babushka's Bakery.
The power compelled you to enter the tale and act.
It placed you in the position, and you chose.
It's too late for you, Wilhelmina Grimm, great-great-great-granddaughter of Wilhelm Grimm.
And you're going to need my help."
Chapter 18
Mina felt as if she was going to faint.
"Why are you here, really?"
Jared was really starting to scare her.
"What part do you play in this?"
Jared looked at her, and she could have sworn that his skin glowed golden for one split second.
But after she blinked her eyes, she decided it was just an illusion from the setting sun.
The sun covered both of them with a bright, warm glow.
He closed his eyes as if he was soaking up the rays and took a deep breath as if it was his first, or his last.
"I am a part of this as much you are and have as much at stake, if not more."
He sighed and looked at her.
"Everything else has a time and a place, but it is not now, not yet."
Mina couldn't understand the change in his speech, why he was suddenly speaking in riddles.
She shook her head as if to clear her thinking and remembered an earlier statement.
"What tale are you referring to?
The notebook only shows the bull and the stag."
Jared walked away from Mina back toward the edge of the roof.
She had no choice but to chase after him if she wanted an answer.
"Hansel and Gretel."
"But wait, how?"
Mina thought back through the day.
"The bakery was the gingerbread house?"
Jared snorted.
"Obviously."
"But there wasn't an old witch.
No one was imprisoned."
"There wasn't?
Are you positive?
Think again-no one was held captive?"
Jared's mouth turned up in challenge, and he actually looked at Mina in surprise.
"Well, no, we were all free to walk around.
The boys did seem to act strange when the tour guide was talking, but?"
Mina's eyes lit up with elation.
"Wait, that's it.
The tour guide didn't capture anyone, but she did captivate the boys' attention, and then seemed to settle for Brody in the end.
He was the only one she really cared about.
But she wasn't a horrible old woman, and she didn't try to put him in an oven.
She wasn't going to eat any of the students like in the story, right?"
"Not exactly.
There is a word for her kind in your world, I believe?"
"I don't understand."
She turned and picked up a large rock, and held it in her hands.
"An older woman who preys on the attention of younger men.
Who uses them, eats them up, and spits them out.
Sound familiar?"
"A cougar?"
Mina asked in disbelief.
Jared snorted again.
"A man-eater."
"Oh!"
Mina replied, still dumbfounded.
She thought back on the young Claire with her red heels and brightly painted nails, the way she sashayed when she walked and thrived on the younger male attention.
It made sense.
"Your teacher was lax in his duties to watch after you and you entered the factory alone, the same as the incompetent father in the tale.
Then you were greeted by the hungry female man-eater, who lured boys into her clutches with her good looks.
She's quite a bit older than she looks, by the way."
"What, thirty?"
"Older."
"Forty?"
"Try one hundred and twenty."
"How is that possible?
I mean, I saw her, and she didn't look a day over thirty!"
"It's the power of the tale.
This particular fairy tale was set in motion a hundred years ago, in preparation for you."
Jared turned and stepped closer to Mina.
"Think back-didn't she seem familiar?"
"She did seem familiar, but where have I seen her before?
I wouldn't know anyone one hundred and twenty years old."
"Come on, Mina.
You have to figure this out for yourself.
I can't solve all of the tales for you.
Think hard."
Mina tried.
A picture of a smiling Claire flashed into her mind, and then Claire's face after the accident seared itself into her brain.
She was no longer smiling, but somber, and then Mina knew where she had seen the woman before.
"Mrs. Brimwell, the wife of Larry Brimwell, the founder of the company."
Mina remembered the unsmiling blonde woman from the mural.
"Very good.
Anyone else?"
Jared smiled encouragingly.
"Well, B.J.
looks like the young boy, but there are some slight differences."
"That's because he's not the boy from the mural.
He is Brimwell, Jr. Claire's great-grandson, although he doesn't know it."
"How can that be possible?
How come the boy aged but Claire didn't?"
"Because the tale didn't need both of them to live forever, just one.
The makings for the Hansel and Gretel tale were all there, so fate used what it had.
It helps that Claire is part Fae and won't age as long as she continues to bring boys and girls through the factory.
The power of the tale keeps her young.
She literally feeds off the energy of the youth, especially boys.
I told you earlier that Fae feed off human energy and feelings."
"But what happens now?"
"Well, you saved Hansel from being fed to the man-eater by interrupting the tour.
Brimwell Jr. won't allow any more tours for fear of a lawsuit.
You, Mina, outsmarted the story's old woman, or witch, and completed the tale."
"But doesn't the story end with the old woman getting pushed into the oven and burned alive?"
Mina shivered at the thought.
"I can't do that."
"You don't have to.
As long as you fulfill certain requirements of the tales, the Story will be satisfied.
The heroine saved the boy and defeated the witch.
The power of that tale has ended.
Now the enchantment that kept Claire young will fade away, and she will age and die.
When she dies, the tale will be complete."
"Oh."
Mina was saddened.
Her actions would now cause Claire to die.
"Relax, Mina, she had lived a very long and youthful life.
It's time for her to join her son and husband."
"I feel horrible, like I've done something wrong."
Mina clutched her stomach and sat down on the edge of the roof.
It was worse than she'd imagined.
She didn't have the stomach to do the task put before her.
"So do you see why you can't run anymore, Mina?
Your mother can no longer protect you.
You've already completed two of the Grimm tales.
Hansel and Gretel and another, lesser tale when you found the Grimoire."
"The Bull and the Stag," Mina murmured.
"But that didn't involve anyone dying."
She shook her head.
"Jared, I think I feel sick.
You should leave."
Jared reached down and helped her back up.
He kept one hand on her arm and led her to the fire escape steps.
By the time she'd maneuvered the steps to her window, Mina was so exhausted she didn't even confront Jared on how he knew where she lived.
She had begun to accept that there were numerous things about Jared she would never understand, and she was too tired to care.
She stepped off the last stair and was about to crawl through the window when she felt her knees go weak.
Jared reached out to steady her.
Mina's legs were numb, and as she moved away, pinpricks of blood rushed through her lower limbs.
Jared called out to Mina when she'd safely made it over the sill.
"You should keep the Grimoire close to you at all times."
She bobbed her head in answer, never once looking him in the eyes.
"Be careful.
I don't know if you realize it, but you're already in another fairy tale."
Mina's head snapped up to look at him, eyes wide.
"What?
Is it that obvious?"
Jared shook his head and muttered the word "hopeless" under his breath.
He pointed to her jackets.
"There is a reason you can't go out of the house without wearing red hoods and you keep meeting up with Grey Tail."
Mina let out a puff of air she didn't know she was holding.
"I know, Red Riding Hood."
"I suspect your clothes will return to normal after you complete this tale.
That is, if you live through your final encounter with the wolf."
Jared was serious.
He was trying to warn her, protect her, and prepare her.
She was nearly ready to ask for forgiveness and for his help once more.
"I do think you need to be careful.
Your rooftop isn't the safest place to cry yourself to sleep."
Mina's blood ran cold, and she jumped away in alarm.
She slammed the window and pulled the shade closed in frustration.
She could hear Jared laughing from the other side of the glass.
When her heart calmed down and she got her hands to quit shaking, she opened the window again, and he was gone.
Chapter 19
The next day flew by.
There were no strange storybook appearances by animals, unexplained happenings, or surprise attacks by wolves.
Mina felt she knew why.
With the date of the dance set, she could almost feel the power building, preparing for the final chapter.
She read what she could of Red Riding Hood but was too scared to touch the Grimoire.
Instead, she kept it in her backpack at all times.
Every time her fingers grazed the notebook, it seemed to hum with excitement, especially the closer it came to the dance.
The more it hummed, the more nervous Mina became, until she began hiding the book and locking it in a drawer in her room.
Jared barely acknowledged Mina at school but seemed to always be hovering just on the outskirts, watching, waiting.
He hardly spoke except when spoken to, and his sudden change in personality scared off the rest of the students.
Brody noticed Jared's motorcycle following them in his rearview mirror day after day, which lead to an altercation.
After school, Brody and Mina were on the way to his car, but when they crossed the parking lot, he passed his own vehicle and walked over to the familiar black motorcycle.
Mina saw the set of his jaw and knew immediately what was going to happen.
She, too, had seen Jared following them everywhere they went.
"Brody, don't.
Let's just go."
"Not until I speak to Jared."
"It's not worth it."
"You and your safety are definitely worth it.
I'm not leaving until I've spoken my mind."
He didn't have to wait long before Jared turned the corner, stopping in his tracks when he saw them.
"That's my bike you're leaning on," Jared said carefully.
"You scratch it, you buy it."
"Maybe I should, and then you couldn't stalk Mina anymore."
"Get real, I'm not stalking her.
I'll leave that to you, lover boy."
"Uh-uh.
I've seen you.
After school, before school, following her on this bike."
"Guys, can we please drop this?"
Mina tried, but neither boy even looked at her.
"I haven't been following you anywhere," Jared said.
"Are you sure it was this bike?"
Brody blinked in thought.
"I could have sworn it was you.
Black bike and helmet?"
"No, I swear to you.
Not me.
Must be some crazy fan of yours," Jared answered lightly, but to Mina he looked distinctly worried, and she felt an awful pit begin to form in the hollow of her stomach.
Who had been following her?
"And what about at school?"
Brody continued.
Mina's cheeks turned red as she realized a crowd had begun to form.
"You can't deny that you're always watching her.
I've seen you, and you're making her uncomfortable."
Mina held her breath as Jared's eyes flickered between them, the longest pause in the history of long pauses.
"I was trying to find an opportunity to ask her to the dance.
That's all."
He winked at Mina, likely a nod to his clever excuse, but one that Brody would almost certainly take the wrong way.
"Too late.
She's going with me.
So find someone else to torment."
Mina didn't have time to react or yell a warning before Brody's fist connected with Jared's jaw, knocking him backward over the bike.
Mina cringed as the bike and Jared crashed to the cement in a pile of metal and bones.
Brody stood over the fallen Jared, rubbing his fist.
"That's for creeping Mina out.
I don't care what you say.
I still think it was you following her!"
Brody pulled out a wad of cash and threw it on Jared's chest.
"And that's for scratching your bike."
He stormed across the parking lot toward his car.
With tears in her eyes, Mina reached down to help Jared up, but he waved her off.
He picked up his bike in one fluid motion, ignoring the cash that was blowing away in the wind as he inspected the damage.
Some of the students began to run after the bills as they tumbled away.
"I'm so sorry.
Jared, I had no idea that he was going to-" "No," Jared interrupted.
"Don't apologize for him.
He's a big boy.
And truthfully, I think I like him better now."
Making sure no one was looking, Jared rubbed his hands over the dents, and with a glow of power they began to fill themselves back out.
The scratches glowed and began to spiral out, erasing themselves and leaving no trace of damage.
"But, Mina, you know that wasn't me following you, right?
I wasn't lying about that."
A roar of a motorcycle engine coming to life made Jared's and Mina's heads snap up in the direction of the street.
A man dressed in all black was sitting on a motorcycle, watching them.
A trickle of cold sweat slid down Mina's back.
"I recognize the scent," Jared said quietly.
"Grey Tail."
They watched as the black reflective helmet nodded at Jared before tearing off down the road, leaving a trail of burned rubber behind him.
"What's going on, Jared?"
Mina asked in as brave a voice as she could muster.
"Time is running short.
The pack is gathering."
***
Two weeks before the dance, Mina noticed that Jared had made himself scarce.
He didn't attend classes the rest of the week.
She knew he, too, could feel what was coming.
When Mina did see him, he always seemed to be walking a fine line between barely controlling his anger and being completely aloof.
He avoided Brody entirely.
Surprisingly, he appeared Thursday during lunch.
He walked directly toward her and slid onto the bench next to Mina, ignoring her presence as he asked Nan to the dance.
Mina waited for him to look at her, to glance her way, acknowledge her with a self-satisfied smirk or even a frown.
She needed confirmation from Jared that she wasn't in this alone, that he had her back or was there to help her out.
She waited for Jared to bait her with a snide comment or joke.
He didn't.
When Nan accepted his offer, Jared squeezed her hand and told her he would call her.
He left the table as silently as he had appeared, without a backward glance at Mina.
Mina was crushed.
Without Jared's help, Mina knew she couldn't finish the tale.
Only Brody's weight on the bench snapped Mina out of her depression.
"What's going on?"
he asked Nan.
Nan positively glowed with excitement when she told Brody about her date.
Brody's smile turned into a frown as Nan spent the rest of her lunch hour talking about costumes.
Chapter 20
When Mina told her mother about the dance theme, Sara wisely kept from speaking, but gave her daughter a wary look.
She even helped pick out Mina's costume.
The costume shop was dimly lit, and smelled like a cross between shoe polish and a school locker room.
"It smells like old people," Mina whispered to her mom, wrinkling her nose in distaste.
Sara tried not to laugh.
"It's the moth balls, honey.
There are a lot of old clothes here.
They are vintage, after all."
Mina did her best to put on a smile.
To her mom, "vintage" meant cheaper than the mall and one step up from a thrift store.
Mina tried to look enthusiastic when the sales lady greeted them.
She only hoped the dresses didn't smell like the store.
Just for fun, Mina tried on various renaissance gowns and princess costumes, probably castoffs from some long-ago school plays.
But every costume had the same problem: it didn't fit with what the Story wanted.
It seemed as if the Story was controlling even Mina's dance attire.
Every dress either had a fault or wouldn't fit.
"This would be a great Cinderella gown."
Sara grunted as she pulled and fumbled with the zipper.
"It must be caught on something."
Sara tried and tried but could not get the zipper to cooperate.
Even when Mina explained that the Story wouldn't let her go as any other character, Sara seemed determined to try to change the Story's mind.
"Try this one instead."
Sara held up a sapphire-blue dress with long, delicate sleeves.
"You could be Sleeping Beauty.
That tale doesn't have any wolves."
She smiled hopefully, but Mina detected the stress that was ticking under her mother's left eye.
When that dress, too, refused to zip, Sara was awash in tears of frustration.
A store seamstress, Molly, came over and tried to help, but neither one could get the zipper to work.
"That is so strange," the bewildered seamstress commented.
She fumbled with the zipper and could find no cloth or string hindering the teeth.
She tried a different dress and tested the zipper before asking Mina to step into it.
"Let's try a larger dress."
Mina rolled her eyes and stepped into the next size up, blowing her bangs out of her eyes.
She was exhausted from trying on dresses.
Yes, she would have absolutely loved the blue Cinderella gown, but she knew better than to get her hopes up.
"It's stuck!"
Molly gasped out.
She tugged and tugged on the zipper, which had worked perfectly only minutes ago.
"I don't know what to tell you.
I was sure it would work."
She was flustered and didn't know how to appease Sara, who was by now moved to tears of frustration.
"Oh, my poor girl!"
Sara cried and blew her nose on a tissue from her purse.
She knew what the signs meant as well as Mina.
Mina usually enjoyed dress shopping, the few times they had the money to do so, but this was getting ridiculous.
Mina scanned the rack of dresses, and her eye stopped on a deep red one.
"That one."
Mina pointed to the rack, and Molly jumped up and pushed the dresses to the side.
She pulled out a beautiful red dress that flowed out in billows from the petite corseted waist.
Most of the fabric was gathered and pleated down the back in a late Victorian style.
The corset was a deep red, made from many different fabrics that sparkled and twinkled with the lights.
The dress was gorgeous-at least the Story had good taste.
This was the one she would have chosen, if it hadn't been red.
"I don't think I've ever seen this one," the seamstress exclaimed, gushing over the dress, then taking one looked at Mina's petite figure and announcing, "I'm afraid it might be too small."
"It will fit."
Mina knew deep down it would.
This was the dress she was supposed to wear.
Sara helped Mina into the dress, her hands shaking as she went to try the zipper.
"I can't."
Sara backed away from the dress to sit on a small pink padded stool by the mirror.
She held her hand to her mouth fearfully.
Molly stepped forward and pulled the zipper up with ease, carefully hooking the top eyelet.
"Well, I'll be.
I would have thought it was two sizes too small, but it fits like it was made for you."
Mina's eyes went wide when she saw her reflection.
Molly began cinching the back of the corset and tugging and arraying the ribbons.
Mina had to actually pinch herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming.
She looked different: older, more mature, and beautiful.
She couldn't remember ever looking this stunning in her whole life.
Her dark brown hair flowed down her back and was lost among the ribbons of the corset.
Her eyes looked huge, and her lips red and full.
Her nose, the one she always feared was too small for her face, looked straight and perfect.
She gave a sleeve a cursory sniff and sighed in relief when it smelled of cinnamon and honey instead of mothballs.
Molly stood back to admire Mina.
"Wow.
You look like someone out of a fairy tale."
Sara cried harder.
Mina spun around and looked at the dress from every angle in the multiple mirrors.
It was better than any princess dress she had tried on so far.
Mina's only worry was that the dress had layers and layers of material in the back.
It would make it very difficult to run in, if it came to that.
"We'll take it," Mina told the girl, not even bothering to ask the price was.
If the Story wanted her to wear the dress, then the Story had better provide.
Unsurprisingly, Molly had to check the price on the tag twice, confirming it with the manager.
"I can't believe it.
I didn't even know we had dresses for this price, but the manager thinks it's fine.
It seems you have yourself a dress."
She clapped and pressed her hands together in excitement.
Mina was about to get down off the platform when Molly held up something hidden by the folds of the dress.
"Oh, look, it comes with a cape and hood."
Of course it does, Mina thought dryly.
Chapter 21
Mina couldn't stop pacing in the small carpeted living room, waiting for Brody to pick her up.
Even Charlie sat in the window seat, nose pressed firmly to the glass, fogging it up with every breath he took.
Mina wondered who was more excited.
Sara had been unusually quiet and had become more withdrawn as the time of the dance drew near.
She did her motherly duty and helped her daughter do her hair.
She made all the appropriate comments and oohed and aahed at all the right times.
But nothing could get her excited about this evening, knowing the tale was heading toward its climax.
This was one of the tales that had secretly haunted Sara as a child.
When her grandmother read her the story as a child, she'd wake up with nightmares about a wolf attacking her in her bed.
And now here she was, sixteen years later on the day of her daughter's birthday, her greatest fear finally coming to life.
The morning had started out peacefully enough.
Sara had made Mina a two-tiered white frosted birthday cake with light pink flowers and strawberry cream cheese filling.
She invited Nan Taylor and the Wongs, who had decorated a section of their restaurant with bright pink and blue streamers that Mina suspected might have been left over from a baby shower.
The Wongs sang "Happy Birthday" off key, while Nan and Charlie made faces during the whole song.
Nan went so far as to even add "you look like a monkey and smell like one, too," just so Charlie would giggle.
The Wongs gave Mina her birthday gift, which included a gift card to the mall, in a Chinese takeout box.
Nan's gift was a new pair of cute black flats, which she promptly asked to borrow next week, after Mina had worn them.
Charlie gave her a new stationery set and journal, which was a very thoughtful gift for a boy.
Mina was surprised when the restaurant door opened and Brody walked in.
She'd thought he would wait to give her his present later that evening, and was totally unprepared for his arrival.
Mina's hand went to her sloppy ponytail in distress, then remembered she was still wearing her pajama bottoms and an ugly, over-large red sweatshirt.
But one look at her, and Brody was all smiles.
He, naturally, looked as handsome as ever in a white button-up shirt, dark distressed jeans-probably his family's own label-and black shoes.
His blond hair touched the collar of his shirt in the back, and it looked like he hadn't shaved in a few days.
But the whole look was very pleasing to the eye.
Mina immediately stepped behind Nan to hide her pajama shorts.
"Hey," Mina called out, embarrassed.
"Hey, you."
Brody smiled at her awkwardness, and Mina immediately felt like an idiot.
She knew that Brody didn't care what she wore.
She stepped closer and whispered, "What are you doing here?
I didn't think you were coming until tonight."
"Well, I heard a rumor that you were having a birthday party, and yet I didn't get the invite.
I thought I might come and crash it."
Brody looked past Mina to acknowledge Nan with a slight nod of his head.
Mina spun to look at her best friend.
"Oh, I see.
Let me clarify.
I bet a little birdy tweeted you the exact time and location.
What a smart little bird."
Nan whistled and suddenly found one of the red and gold paper lanterns in the restaurant particularly interesting.
When Mina turned around, Brody pecked her on the cheek and handed her a beautifully wrapped present, its pristine white paper accented with a simple red velvet ribbon on top.
Mina smiled coyly at Brody and pulled the ribbon to reveal a brand-new candy-apple red LG phone.
"What?
Brody, we can't afford this."
Mina panicked and looked at her mother in surprise.
Cell phone plans alone tended to be expensive, especially for such a nice phone as this.
"Brody, thank you, but I can't accept it."
She handed the box back to Brody, who held up his hands and backed away.
"Can't return it.
Besides, it's been added to our plan.
With as many phones as we have, it wasn't anything for our family to add one more."
If he said it to make Mina feel less guilty, it only had the opposite effect.
Mina looked toward her mother for help.
Sara stepped forward.
"Brody, it's a wonderful gift, but I don't know if I feel comfortable with your family paying for a cell phone for my daughter.
Maybe next year we can afford one, but not right now."
"I understand, Sara.
And I wouldn't normally offer this kind of gift, but I felt you would understand the necessity of Mina being able to call us in case of an emergency.
If she were ever in trouble or needed help, she would need a cell phone to call for help.
For my own peace of mind, and so I can sleep at night, I hope you'll let her keep the gift."
Sara was about to counter again, but Brody was too quick.
"And next year, if you still want to take over the plan, we can arrange it."
Sara seemed relieved and nodded her head in agreement.
Mina felt a hint of panic and turned to Brody, worry etched in her face.
"But what if we should?or you decide that you no longer?"
Mina couldn't even speak it.
What if they broke up?
Would he take the phone away?
"It doesn't matter-my offer still stands.
Besides, I've already programmed my number, your mother's, and the fire department.
I think you're covered."
He took the red phone out of the box and handed it to Mina.
The phone felt light and delicate, and Mina knew she was destined to drop it and break it into a thousand little pieces.
How could she possibly not lose the device, unless it was stapled to her forehead?
"Well, you seem to have missed one very important number."
Nan stepped forward and took the phone from Mina.
"What?"
she exclaimed, scrolling through the contacts.
"You programmed your number as two.
Two!
That definitely has to change.
After the emergency department, the next number should definitely be her best friend."
Nan held the phone away from Brody as he tried to snatch it back from her.
They began to argue over who should be number two on speed dial.
"Too late, mine's already there.
You'll have to take four."
Brody chuckled.
"As if!
You take four.
You've only known Mina a few weeks.
I've been her best friend for two years.
See?two.
I should be two," Nan continued.
Mina looked at her mom and saw a slight grin.
Maybe, just maybe, everything would turn out all right.
Brody left shortly after he challenged Nan to Rock, Paper, Scissors, and won, for the right to be number two on her speed dial.
After winning, he conceded to give Nan and Jared a ride to the dance as well, as a consolation prize.
Brody gave Mina a small peck on the lips, whispered "happy birthday," and told her he would see her soon.
That had been eight hours ago.
Now, Mina had only been wearing heels for an hour and was already eager to kick them off and scandalize the school with her bare feet.
She could never understand women's obsession with high heels.
Sure, they make you look taller and slimmer, but was it worth it to have to limp around the whole night from blisters?
Mina didn't think so.
Just as she was about to find a pair of flip flops in her closet, Charlie started waving and knocking on the glass.
Mina looked down into the street and was surprised to see a stretch SUV limo appear, with a familiar blonde head poking through the sun roof.
Nan was waving like a maniac, and a minute later the dark head of Jared appeared next to her, looking somber as ever.
From the angle of the window, Mina saw a limo door open and close, and knew that Brody was on his way up the stairs.
"Mom!
How do I look?"
Mina called out, hoping to fix any last-minute curls that had come loose from their bobby pins.
"You look beautiful."
Sara came over and gave her daughter a kiss on her cheek.
"Please, Mina, be careful tonight."
"I will."
Mina knew her mother was worried.
She wasn't the only one.
Tonight she was more grateful than ever that the Grimoire was so slim, as she was able to tuck it between her body and the corset, cinched tightly but within easy grasp.
She had whispered and coaxed the book into an even smaller, slimmer form to fit in her bodice.
A knock came at the door, and Charlie ran to open it.
His mouth dropped in shock, and he backed away, pulling the door open so Brody could step through.
Mina froze mid-step as his tall form entered the kitchen.
Brody looked deadly.
He hadn't taken any shortcuts in designing his costume, and now wore leather bracers, a leather vest, and brown pants tucked into tall leather boots.
Strapped to his chest she saw a belt of knives, and on his back, an actual bow and arrow.
Brody was literally armed to the teeth.
And incredibly hot.
Brody stumbled when he caught sight of Mina in her red dress.
She felt herself blushing, but he quickly composed himself, and reached for her hand so he could bring it softly to his lips.
"Are they real?"
Mina asked, reaching out to touch the daggers in the bandolier.
She was a little disappointed when they bent easily.
"No, unfortunately not.
I wouldn't be able to get real ones past security."
He chuckled.
Mina felt another familiar tingling sensation spread throughout her body, reminding her that tonight would have a storybook ending, one way or another.
The Story was already at work.
When Brody and Mina were on the landing and had shut the door, he stopped her from walking down the stairs.
"Why did you stop?"
Mina held onto Brody's arm, her other hand gripping layers of her dress so she wouldn't trip going down the stairs.
"I wanted a moment with you alone."
"Is something wrong?"
she asked.
She worried that he knew something was coming as much as she did.
Brody reached up and caressed her face.
"No, nothing's wrong.
Everything is perfect.
But with the way Nan talks, this may be our only quiet moment for the rest of the night.
Even if we have to suffer Jared's presence."
Mina was once again surprised by how often Brody seemed to read her mind.
She had been nervous about being in the back of a limo alone with Brody, given their new relationship status.
More than anything, she was nervous that she would somehow resort back to the awkward stage of their friendship, and not be able to remain calm, cool, and collected.
"No, that's fine.
I'm happy that you invited Nan."
Mina's shoulders slumped at the thought of facing Jared and being shunned.
"But not Jared?"
Brody could read the strain in her voice.
"No, I'm glad.
Really I am."
"He was part of the deal.
I knew you would want to have Nan close to you, and he was just the carry-on luggage.
If he makes you uncomfortable, just let me know."
Brody rubbed his finger along Mina's jaw and leaned down to kiss her sweetly on the mouth.
Mina reached up and drew him closer.
He tasted of richness and warmth.
Brody wrapped his arms around her, and Mina felt safe and secure-until a loud horn blared from downstairs.
Mina pulled back from the kiss and grinned.
"That would be Nan.
Her timing is usually pretty terrible."
Brody helped Mina down the stairs and opened the door onto the street.
As soon as she popped out the door, Nan jumped down out of the driver's seat and over to Mina.
"Oh, my goodness, you look beautiful.
I never imagined red looking that good on you, but wow!"
Nan's own hair had been piled high and sprayed with white, with white ringlets falling down the back of her neck and around her face.
She had a flowing white dress and red, red lips; she was obviously the Snow Queen.
"And wait till you see Jared," she told Mina.
"Is he hot, or what?"
Just then Jared stepped out of the limo, and Mina clutched Brody's arm.
Jared hadn't dressed as a specific character, but the costume seemed so fitting it was hard to remember what he looked like in anything else.
His thin frame was the perfect complement to the white Victorian shirt with the tie-up collar and silver doublet with dark black pants.
His skin glowed in the darkness, accented by his dark hair, though that may have been a trick of the light from the neon store fronts across the street.
His stormy eyes shone like molten silver.
"You clean up nice," Mina said, trying to ease the tension in the air.
"This is a good look for you."
"Thanks," he muttered.
"You look?fantastic."
Mina smirked.
"Why, Jared, that may be the nicest thing you've ever said to me."
"I cannot tell a lie," he replied, shrugging before helping Nan into the car.
It came off as a joke, but only Mina knew the truth behind those words.
Brody led her slowly to the back of the limo, Mina walking on the balls of her feet so as not to damage her heels in the grass.
He opened the door to let her slide in.
Mina was so short, she had a bit of trouble maneuvering up into the limo, especially with the dress.
Once she was in, Nan slid behind her and moved down toward the drink bar.
"Look, sparkling cider."
She opened the bottle and poured a few glasses.
Mina took the glass and sipped it cautiously, fully aware of Jared's direct gaze.
Nan handed a drink to Brody, who put it in a cup holder.
As they took off, Nan fiddled with the radio stations and finally found a rock station worth jamming to.
The music seemed a surreal backdrop to the scene in the limo: Nan bobbing her head to the music; Jared sitting against the black leather, brooding silently across from her; and Brody decked out in knives, his bow and arrow parked beside him, studying everyone with an intense expression.
"Happy birthday, Mina!"
Nan yelled out and giggled.
Jared's head flipped to Mina with a look of horror on his face.
She supposed she hadn't told him that the day she would face one of the scariest tales would also be her birthday.
Not that he'd asked.
Mina broke eye contact first and nervously played with a pleat on her skirt.
Her head started to pound from the loud music, and she desperately wished the limo would fly to the school so they could already be there.
The limo ride, though beautiful, was unbearably tense.
She sighed in relief when the driver turned into the school parking lot and pulled up to drop them off at the entrance.
Then she saw the crowd.
More than two dozen students were milling around outside, and several started whistling when they saw the stretch limo, knowing only Brody Carmichael could be inside.
Among them were Savannah White and all her friends.
When Mina and Nan stepped out of the limo behind the two hottest boys in school, Savannah's smile turned downright ugly.
She'd come dressed in light blue, her blonde hair piled high in a bun with a tiara.
She was obviously Cinderella, and Priscilla, with her green dress and stuffed frog purse, the princess from "The Princess and the Frog."
Mina tried not to look Savannah's way, but she could see her whispering furiously to Pri out of the corner of her eye.
She felt sorry for her, for a moment, knowing she had once meant something to Brody, too.
But then she heard her snicker "Little Grimy Hood" as she passed by, and all sympathy drained from her mind.
When they arrived at the doors, the security guards did indeed do a pat-down and checked all of Brody's fake knives and arrows.
Mina considered asking Jared to make her a weapon later in the night.
Nan and Mina entered the gym and gasped in surprise at the visual wonderland the student council had created, complete with sparkling lights and full-sized set pieces.
Rapunzel's tower had been set up next to the giant gingerbread house and wishing well.
Even the bench where Mina and Brody had shared their first kiss now looked as romantic as a fairy tale.
Giant gates and an archway sectioned off the areas for pictures, food, and dancing.
Fog machines were hidden around the gym, forming misty paths, the colored lights creating ambiance.
Even the deejay who was spinning had gotten into the enchanted theme, donning ogre ears and large patchwork clothes.
Dancing on the floor was a visual montage of fairy tale, storybook, and mythical animals.
A Minotaur was trying to pour punch for a unicorn.
A fawn danced with a goose girl maiden.
Mina saw various wolves, sheep, and dragons, milling about in clusters off the dance floor.
Those who weren't animals had chosen to be a prince, princess, or knight.
Frank and Steve could be seen pretending to joust, using stick horses and the school's flags.
D.J.
Ogre, his requested moniker for the night, pulled out some slower music, and the dance floor that was hopping began to mellow as couples filed on, and others paired off.
"Do you want to dance?"
Brody asked.
"I'm not sure you should risk it," Mina said, flushing bright red.
"It'll be fine, if you let me lead."
Brody took Mina's hands and led her onto the floor.
He was right; as long as Mina let Brody lead, she didn't have any problems finding the rhythm or staying away from his feet.
It was perhaps the most graceful she'd felt all her life.
Of course, the dress didn't hurt.
"See, you're doing great," Brody said, encouraging Mina and holding her closer.
"You know, I should have thought twice about bringing you here."
Mina was startled by his words.
Was he now realizing that he was ashamed of her?
Had she stepped on his toes?
She'd thought that she was doing just fine.
"What do you mean?"
"I thought that I could handle bringing you to the dance, but I'm finding that's not true."
His hands tightened around her waist, and he leaned in to whisper in her ear.
"Every Steve, Frank, and Larry can't take their eyes off you."
Brody nodded with his chin toward a crowd of boys, and Mina sneaked a quick peek over her shoulder before turning bright pink with embarrassment.
He was right-everyone was staring at them.
"Maybe it's you.
You do usually have a lot of people staring at you," she tried.
"That's kind, but I doubt that many boys at our school find me so attractive."
As they circled the room, Brody glared at the boys, and a few actually turned away in embarrassment.
Some began texting on their phones, while the gazes of others wouldn't budge.
"I'm sorry.
I hope I did nothing to embarrass you."
"Don't apologize.
This is not your fault.
You can't help looking so gorgeous."
Mina's cheeks turned pink.
When the song began to die down, Brody had finally had enough.
"Will you be safe next to Nan?
I really want to go talk to those guys."
Brody walked Mina over to Nan, who was talking animatedly to a short boy with glasses.
Once Brody walked away, Nan leaned over and whispered to her, "Can you believe the attention you're getting?
I've never seen anything like it."
She nudged Mina and pointed to another group of guys wearing various animal masks.
"Nan, I don't think they attend our school," Mina whispered.
She was right; there was a completely different group of students who couldn't or wouldn't take their eyes off her.
To test a theory, Mina looped her arm through Nan's and walked over to a food table.
They followed at a distance, trying to not draw attention.
"They are following you!"
Nan mouthed.
"Where's Brody?"
Mina walked back to where she had last seen him, but he was gone.
"I have to find Jared!"
Mina called out, feeling herself panic.
If she couldn't have Brody by her side, at least she wanted to know where Jared was.
"I don't know.
He danced with me for a few songs, but then he disappeared.
Mina, those guys are coming over here."
Nan nodded with her chin to the group of guys again.
They had stopped trying to blend in with the crowd and now moved menacingly toward Mina and Nan.
The tingling sensation began in Mina's body, and she knew it was time.
But instead of rising to the occasion, she lost her nerve.
"Nan, I have to get out of here."
She began to pull on Nan's arm, and together they turned and headed for an exit.
The first door was blocked by Rapunzel's tower, and the second was right between the group of unknown guys.
No way was she heading there.
"The stage.
There's another exit behind the deejay on the stage," Nan yelled over the music.
They ducked under a column of streamers and balloons, and headed up the steps to the stage.
Once onstage, Mina looked out over the dance floor and saw two groups of people making their way toward the stage.
Who were they?
What did they want?
When they passed through the foggy dance floor and the lasers hit them, Mina noticed a slight blurring of their human forms.
What she saw for that split second chilled her to the bone.
One of them looked up to the stage and saw Mina's terrified face.
He ditched the mask and practically drooled with pleasure at seeing her so scared.
"Here!"
Nan shouted, having pulled a curtain aside and found the exit door that led backstage.
They ran toward the stairs that led down to the side doors, but were blocked by a large man.
"Eeep!"
Nan squealed as someone grabbed her from behind and clamped a fist over her mouth.
Another figure loomed out of the dark.
Mina screamed in fright, but it couldn't be heard over the thumping of the bass.
"Ah, Little Red, Little Red, you strayed from the path."
The one Jared had called Grey Tail moved in quickly.
Mina tried to run, but he lunged for her and slammed her against the wall, spinning her so that her head crashed into the brick.
Spots flecked across Mina's vision.
Grey Tail leaned forward and pressed his face into her neck, inhaling her scent.
He brushed his teeth against a vein in her throat, following the pulse from her clavicle to chin.
"Where's the book?"
he whispered, growling into her ear.
"I told you before, I don't have it," Mina whimpered.
The way he was leaning on her, she feared he might feel it in her bodice.
"She's lying," a woman said, her gravelly voice echoing out of the darkness.
"Does it look like I have a book on me?"
Mina shouted at the figure in the dark.
Her vision was swimming, and she heard a slow click, click in her head.
"She may have left it at home," Grey Tail said hesitantly to the dark figure, while still pressing himself close to his prey.
"You searched her home once and didn't find it.
What makes you think she would have left it there now?
Use your brain, you worthless dog."
Mina's vision began to clear, and she could make out the wood flooring of the stage.
The clicking sound drew nearer, and slowly a pair of red high-heeled shoes came into view.
She knew those heels and was about to comment on them when a hand grabbed Mina's hair roughly, digging the bobby pins deeply into her scalp and forcing her to look at the speaker.
It was Claire.
Chapter 22
Or what used to be Claire.
She had aged considerably within a few weeks.
She no longer looked to be in her thirties, but now her eighties.
Her hair had turned gray, and her skin was wrinkled and covered in sun spots.
She had lost weight, too much of it, till there was barely a trace of the beautiful woman Mina had met once before.
"This is your fault," she spat at Mina, gripping Mina's head and slamming it against the wall again, proving that her body had aged but her strength had not diminished.
"I was perfect, timeless, until you showed up at my bakery.
Who would have thought that an actual Grimm would walk through my doors?
I'm honored, really, to be included in the infamous tales, and maybe if I had fed on an earlier school tour, I would have noticed you.
Believe me, if I had, you wouldn't have survived long."
Mina shrank away from Claire's touch.
Jared had said that she would eventually age and die, but Mina had thought it would take years, not days.
It made her wonder even more at the depth and power of the tales.
"I'm sorry-I had no idea about the power of the tale until days later.
You have to believe me."
Claire studied Mina closely.
"I believe you, sweet child.
But you see, we still have a problem.
I don't want to age.
I want to stay young forever.
I want it to go back to the way it was before you showed up at my bakery."
"I can't.
I don't know how to reverse what was done."
Mina trembled with fear.
The men who surrounded Claire stepped forward, flexing their fingers, eager for the violence to begin.
"Nonsense.
You can.
I've been told you're the chosen one, and you have the Grimoire.
You have the power to change the tale."
"I don't," Mina cried out.
"You do!"
Claire grinned evilly.
"And all I think you need is some proper motivation.
Bring them in, Lonetree."
Mina didn't know what to expect and was surprised when a red-haired boy she'd never seen before dragged in a compliant Savannah and Pri.
They looked somewhat dazed and confused, but unharmed.
The girls sat at Claire's feet, immobile, as if under a spell.
"Let them go!"
Mina struggled against Grey Tail, but he grinned and squeezed Mina's arms tighter until they felt like they were about to break.
"I loved my husband," Claire said softly.
"Do you know what it's like to outlive a loved one?
Do you?"
She screamed the last question.
"Yes," she cried.
"I do.
And I'm sorry."
"No, you don't!"
Claire's face froze for a moment, and then she started to laugh maniacally.
"I used to feel cheated that they didn't inherit my longevity.
But then I realized I was meant for much greater things.
Like stopping the likes of you."
A beeping noise interrupted Claire's rant.
She pulled a cell phone out of her purse and answered in a language Mina had never once heard.
Even from a cruel old woman like Claire, her voice sounded breathy, melodic and mesmerizing.
Mina could barely hear the voice on the other end, gruff and clipped.
With a sharp click, Claire hung up the phone and studied the girls in front of her and Mina.
"Tell you what, Mina.
I will let you choose who lives and who dies.
I only need two of you and the Grimoire.
You can't say that I'm completely heartless.
I'm giving you a chance to save your own skinny neck."
Mina stared at Savannah and Pri's unresponsive bodies, and contemplated what Claire was saying.
The two shallow girls seemed completely unaware of their surroundings, staring ahead blankly.
Pri might have even let loose a little drool.
If Mina named her enemies, she could turn over the Grimoire and still live.
But she could never be that manipulative, or that heartless.
This was her battle, and she knew she couldn't complete the tale only halfway.
There had to be an ending.
Mina had to think quickly.
Maybe Claire thought they were still trapped in the Hansel and Gretel retelling.
She didn't know that the Story had moved on and lost interest in her.
If Claire didn't know that Mina was now rewriting Red Riding Hood, then that could be to her advantage.
But she was going to need help.
Looking to her left, Mina caught Nan's angry glare.
She only hoped Jared would come in time.
"Sorry, Nan, but I choose us.
Let Savannah and Pri go.
Nan and I will go with you, but not here.
We need to know that the rest of the students will be unharmed."
Nan whimpered, but Mina tried to relay through her eyes that everything would be okay.
A cackling laugh erupted from Claire's cracked lips.
"You fool.
I knew you would choose to save your friends.
You Grimms are so predictable."
Claire walked forward and through - literally through-Savannah and Pri, who disappeared into thin puffs of smoke.
Illusions, the girls were illusions.
Simply one of Claire's Fae tricks.
Claire roughly gripped Mina's chin and pulled the stage curtain to the side so she could see the real Savannah and Pri on the dance floor, arms waving above their heads, carefree and obviously alive.
"You made your deal, and so you'll come with us.
It's easier when you don't fight it.
But I'm warning you, any tricks, and it won't be the students who are harmed.
It will be your mother and brother."
She turned to Lonetree and Grey Tail.
"Take them both-we need to leave.
Now!
I can feel something.
Something is coming, and I don't like it."
Snapping jaws answered Claire, doubly grotesque as the wolves were still in their human form.
Mina had only a moment to struggle before she was lifted into the air and then hauled over Lonetree's shoulder, which smelled of nicotine and sweat.
Mina tried to scream, but his shoulder dug deeply into her stomach, cutting off her breath.
Nan fought harder and spouted incessant derogative remarks at her assailant until he knocked her unconscious.
Mina cringed at the sound of fist hitting jaw.
Mina suddenly smelled a whiff of wet dog, and found it disorienting to be coming from the back of a fully dressed man.
Think, Mina, think.
How does this story end?
Footsteps, car doors opening, and Mina felt herself falling to land on the metal floor of a delivery van.
Scrambling to gain footing, she tried kicking at the man crawling in next to her.
Mina opened her mouth to scream, but an old rag quickly filled her mouth, followed by rope around her wrists.
"Just in case you get any ideas," Lonetree hissed into her ear.
She pushed herself into a sitting position in the far corner of the truck.
The van dipped as more people clambered in.
Mina saw them lower Nan's unconscious body next to her.
The engine turned over, and they were moving.
Out the back window she could see the brick gym slowly getting smaller as they pulled away.
What now?
As the van chugged along, Mina heard the distant hum of a far-off motor and barely gave it any thought until it grew louder the closer it came.
She almost cried with relief when she saw a familiar black motorcycle pull up behind the delivery van and spotted Jared's shock of dark hair.
The bike disappeared around the side of the van, and Mina mentally cheered for her hero.
Jared would save them.
She listened for the sounds of a struggle, but she was slammed into the side of the van as it swerved quickly to one side.
Either they were trying to cut Jared off, or run him over.
The van hit its brakes, and this time she was thrown against the driver's seat.
She struggled to her knees and could see Jared out the front windshield.
The driver picked up speed once more, to position the van next to Jared.
She screamed his name and could have sworn he looked her way into the darkened van, even though he couldn't possibly see her.
The driver swerved, and she watched as the front headlight struck Jared's leg and he began to lose control of the motorcycle.
Her heart was in her throat as she jumped forward between the seats and tried to pull the gearshift into neutral with her tied hands.
The driver yelled angrily, and Mina felt herself picked up and tossed into the back of the van as it careened wildly.
Quickly, it was under control and speeding along again.
"What did I tell you about interfering?"
Grey Tail growled.
"Just for that, I'm gonna kill him.
Jared appeared behind the van once more, and Mina saw Grey Tail pick up a spare car battery from the truck bed and fling open the doors.
The whoosh of air caught her hair as she struggled to see Jared behind him, to let him know that she was okay.
As the truck swerved again, Grey Tail threw the car battery out at Jared but just missed him, growling in anger.
Next, Mina saw Jared do something crazy, pointing at Grey Tail and beckoning in challenge.
Grey Tail leaned outside the van, fingers digging into the van door, leaving inch-wide holes in the frame.
A howl split the night as he arched his back, preparing to lunge onto Jared's bike.
Suddenly the van slammed on its brakes, and Jared quickly veered left and then backward, giving the wolf a chance to lunge into his back.
Mina watched in terror as two hundred pounds of muscle hit Jared from behind and knocked him from his bike.
The men rolled several times across the pavement.
The last thing she saw was Jared's pained expression as the wolf's claws ripped into him.
And then the van sped away.
Chapter 23
Mina screamed into the gag, and tears flowed freely from her eyes.
Jared had risked his life for her, and now there would be no one to save her.
Dread.
Hopelessness.
Loss.
All of it consumed her.
Numbness took hold, and she didn't fight or struggle when a different wolf reached down to haul her over his shoulder.
She barely registered that they were back at Babushka's Bakery.
Mina wasn't sure if she was surprised or not to see none other than B.J., Claire's great-grandson, climbing out from behind the wheel.
Claire marched forward, holding open a side door marked "Deliveries Only" for them to pass through.
It was cold and dark, and it smelled of flour and diesel fumes.
They removed Mina's gag but not her bindings.
"I'll start with the blonde one," Claire croaked out.
She went over to Nan, hauled her up by her hair, and peered carefully into her unconscious face.
Reaching out with a sun-marked, wrinkled hand, Claire rested it over Nan's mouth.
Faint glowing lines began to pour out of Nan and into Claire through her hand.
Nan opened her eyes in fear as the process began, and she began to age in front of Mina.
Her blue eyes turned gray, her ivory skin turned clear.
Mina screamed as Nan went from sixteen to eighty-six in seconds.
All the while, Claire seemed to reverse in age.
Her hair grew out and became blonde.
Her face filled out and she grew younger, but stopped when she reached about fifty.
Suddenly, Claire let Nan fall to the floor.
"That's all I can take without killing her," Claire said, her voice stronger and louder than before.
She turned to Mina with a predatory smile.
"I know you don't want me to destroy her, so I suggest you give me the Grimoire now, before I finish with you."
Mina shrank back in fear.
"What did you expect?
It's easier to take a few years off unsuspecting teenagers than to leave a dried-out corpse.
To make this permanent, I need your life energy and the Grimoire.
Give it to me now, or I will take what little years she has left.
At least one of you will survive this."
Perhaps Claire thought she was scaring Mina into compliance, but she was really giving her the extra courage she needed.
Claire moved toward Nan's feeble body and reached out a hand threateningly.
"No, wait!"
Mina struggled to stand.
"I'll give you the Grimoire, but I need to be somewhere more private."
"Don't take me for a fool, girl!"
Claire grunted.
"I don't.
It's just that?"
Mina tried to play the part of a shy, reserved girl, which wasn't that hard for her.
Blood rushed to her cheeks in embarrassment.
"I strapped it in with my corset.
I need to undress to get it."
Claire snorted and laughed at Mina's awkwardness.
She pointed to a shelf piled high with cans of lard.
"Behind there, but that is all the privacy I'll allow.
Just so you know, there is nowhere to run, and nowhere to hide."
She motioned, and Lonetree cut off Mina's bindings.
Mina bobbed her head and slowly walked behind the shelf, as if resigned to her doomed state.
Once out of sight, she reached into her bodice and pulled out the Grimoire easily.
Opening it up, she was surprised to see the pages blank still, except for the first story she'd solved.
She was hoping for a little bit of information.
"C'mon, I need your help!"
she whispered to the book.
"You're supposed to help me, and now would be an ideal time."
The book was lifeless; there was no glow or hum.
"Please!
I beg you."
Nothing.
Mina curled up on the floor and held the notebook to her chest.
Images flooded in her mind, variations of children's books she'd read in the library.
Their images flashed through Mina's mind like a documentary on wolves, little girls, and then hunters.
She was waiting for a hunter to come save her, but that wasn't how it always worked.
Sometimes Red saved her grandma from the wolves.
The story had changed.
They were in Grandma's house.
Babushka was Russian for "grandma," right?
Mina hoped so.
So Claire would have to be the grandma.
No, that wasn't right.
Claire was obviously the villain here.
She peeked back over the corner to see Claire next to an old lady who was quaking in fear.
Nan!
Nan was now old enough to be Mina's grandma.
The Story had worked it out so she was little Red, who had to outsmart the wolves in Grandma's house to save her.
Jared had said Claire's story was over.
It was completed, just not finished yet.
So Mina needed to focus on the villain in this story, which was not Claire but the wolves.
Mina had been waiting for Jared or Brody to save her, thinking that was what the story called for.
But not if Mina had any say.
"I'm the hunter," Mina whispered to herself.
"I'm now the hunter, not the hunted," she whispered louder.
"I will not lose!"
Mina grabbed tightly onto the notebook and began running toward the side wall and the closest Fae wolf.
The wolf bared his teeth, but the book thrummed once, twice, and three times like a beating heart coming back to life.
Mina believed in the power of the tale.
She knew that the Story needed Mina to grow in power.
And just because she didn't understand how to use the Grimoire exactly didn't mean that it wouldn't help her if she believed.
She had to trust herself.
Mina closed her eyes and pictured herself as a hunter, and just before she swung the book, the weapon she needed appeared in her hands.
She opened her eyes in awe.
The notebook had transformed into an ethereal battle axe of light.
Mina giggled in a moment of pure insanity as she realized she must look like a crazy character from some anime film.
The wolf howled when the light touched his skin.
She saw the light burn through the human illusion to the wolf underneath.
Mina pulled the axe back once more, and swung again at the wolf.
With each swipe, the creature howled and tried to dodge the glowing light from the axe.
He clawed at Mina, but she jumped away.
With another swipe of the axe, another layer peeled from the Fae wolf, and he dissolved into thin air.
Turning, Mina headed toward another wolf, but he panicked and ran down the hall, not wishing to fall prey to the same fate.
Turning toward Claire, Mina held the axe and stepped forward threateningly.
"Change her back!"
Claire's eyes squinted as she studied Mina.
"I can't.
And where in the world did you get that?"
"Change her back, or I'll use it.
This is no ordinary axe."
"The Grimoire," Claire whispered, her eyes sparkling.
She shrugged.
"The only way I can help your friend is if you give me the book.
Perhaps then we can find a way to extend her life.
After all, she doesn't have Fae blood like me."
"No, I don't bel?"
Mina couldn't finish, as she was knocked forward to the ground, the Grimoire flying out of her hands and sliding across the floor.
It slowly changed back from an axe to a passive notebook lying at Claire's feet.
"Why, thank you."
Claire reached down to pick it up.
"I do so love it when things go my way.
Don't you agree, Lonetree?"
Mina felt herself get pulled upward off the ground as Lonetree hauled her to the cold cement floor in front of Claire, grunting his assent.
Claire opened the notebook and frowned when she saw the unfinished sketch.
"Come now."
She shook it.
"Show me my story.
I saw the Fae copy when I was a child.
I know this one records a duplicate.
I want to see mine to make sure it gets the story right."
Claire chuckled and flipped a few more pages, finally ripping out a page in anger.
"Show me!
Or I'll rip out more!"
Unsatisfied, Claire finally tucked the Grimoire into her purse.
"Never mind, there are other ways to make it talk.
As long as you understand that this story doesn't have a happily ever after for Gretel."
Mina spoke up defiantly.
"You're wrong!"
Claire glared at Mina.
"What do you know?"
"I know your story.
It's finished.
You're destined to die.
Whether it be today or tomorrow, it's already over.
Nothing you do will change the final outcome."
"You stupid girl!
Everything can be changed.
Look how many times this story has progressed over the years."
"But we are no longer in your story.
You're in mine.
And in my tale, I win."
Mina held up her chin in defiance.
A small trickle of blood dripped down it onto her dress, a wound from getting tackled by Lonetree.
"I don't understand."
Banging doors and a few crashes later, Mina heard someone calling her name.
It sounded like Brody.
He must have seen Jared pull out of the school parking lot and followed.
She needed to finish this tale, and finish it now.
"Do you want to know why your tale isn't in my copy of the book?
It's because I finished your tale weeks ago.
But the Story needed you for one more task.
I don't have a living grandmother.
So the Story kept you around long enough to create a grandmother for my current quest.
It used you to satisfy the needs of a different tale, to create someone that I loved enough to risk my life for.
Nothing more.
And I finished that tale moments ago."
Mina stood up and walked over to Nan, who was lying on the cold floor.
She held Nan close, hugging her.
"I just killed the wolf and saved my dear grandmother.
This tale is over.
I won.
Check and see."
Mina pointed to the Grimoire as it began to glow.
Slowly etched pencil sketches began to fill in a page that mirrored the surrounding scene.
Mina knew that somewhere on the Fae plane, a similar picture was appearing in the Fae Book.
She could almost hear an audible sigh coming from beyond.
Claire dropped the notebook, and Mina saw the words "The End" appearing underneath the picture.
With it came a loud rushing wind that rattled the windows, and she felt herself being pulled forward toward the Grimoire.
Mina gripped tightly onto Nan as the earth shook and shelves clanged.
The room seemed to spin, and bright light burst from Nan's body.
Mina screamed in fear, worried she was losing her best friend.
She, too, was being pulled toward the Grimoire, and Mina wasn't sure she could hold on.
Suddenly strong hands grabbed her, and Mina recognized Brody as he embraced her and pushed her to the floor, covering her with his body.
He must have noticed her disappearance and seen Jared take off running.
Like Jared, he must have followed the van here.
"I've got you!
I won't let you go.
I promise!"
Mina's eyes stung as she watched the book float off the ground and begin to absorb a scared Lonetree and a screaming Claire.
Mina's teeth chattered in fright as Claire reached toward Mina.
Whether she wanted Mina's help or the last few years of her life, Mina didn't know.
But Claire was sucked into the pages of the Grimoire.
The book fell open the floor with a loud plop.
When the wind, the noise, and the ground quit moving, Mina tried to push herself off Nan but was held captive by Brody's body.
Brody moved off Mina and looked her over for injuries.
Other than a cut on her face and a few bruises, she looked okay.
"You're all right!
Thank God!"
He pulled her into an embrace and kissed her.
The kiss tasted salty and sweet.
"I'm never letting you out of my sight again," he whispered, kissing her head.
Mina pulled away to check on Nan.
Nan's skin still glowed as she slowly turned back to her normal self.
Mina felt her skin start to prickle, the same buildup of power she felt whenever the Story interacted on their plane.
She looked around in apprehension and couldn't find a source.
Then she felt it coming from the Grimoire.
Mina walked over to the book and could feel a buildup of power before it snapped closed with finality, knocking her and Brody off their feet with its power.
Mina looked over at Brody, who was now lying prostrate on the floor next to Nan; he looked to be out cold.
"Brody!"
Mina screamed, running to him.
Mina ran her fingers over his tanned skin and around his head, looking for large bumps or bruises.
He seemed to be fine.
"Gosh!
Stop pawing over him already and help me up," Nan mumbled sleepily as she tried to pull herself up.
She looked around the room.
"What are we doing here?"
"Don't you remember?"
Mina asked.
"Claire from Babushka's showed up at the dance and brought us here."
"Babushka's what?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
And wait - are we missing out on the dance?!
And what is he doing here?"
Mina was dumbfounded.
Nan didn't remember anything.
Was this a joke or a side effect of being healed too quickly?
"Don't you remember?
He was my date."
"Um, yeah right.
I distinctly remember we both had decided to go stag.
He was Savannah's date, not yours."
Nan stood up and began to limp around the room.
"But I saved his life at this bakery, three weeks ago.
There was a big rally and we started dating, and he even gave me a cell phone, see."
Mina looked around on the floor for her phone, but couldn't remember where she had lost it.
"You?
Owning a cell phone?
Ha!
That will be the day.
Are you sure you're feeling okay?
I don't know how to tell you this, but there's no way we went on a field trip here.
Look at this place-it hasn't been open in years."
Nan was right.
Mina looked around, and what once was a working factory with whitewashed walls and stainless-steel equipment was now a dank, dirty, broken-down warehouse.
Broken crates and spray paint littered the inside, and Mina could have sworn she saw a rat.
It was like the bakery had never existed.
The Story had created it all, set it all up.
Once the tale was completed, it had erased everything, leaving no lasting impact on the human world.
Mina started to feel her chest heave with pain.
Her hand went to her heart as she turned to look at Brody.
It wasn't real, none of it.
Had the Story created his feelings for her?
Maybe it hadn't, but would he remember?
Nan was still talking.
"If something that cool had happened, don't you think I would be the first to know about it?
I would have, like, a million followers on Twitter!"
She had moved over to the red notebook and nudged it with her foot before picking it up.
"Don't touch that!"
Mina cried.
Rushing over, she snatched it from her best friend's hands.
Nan backed away, hurt by Mina's harsh tone.
"Sorry.
But don't you think we should get out of here before we get in trouble?"
"And we had better get Brody.
I don't want to be the one to explain to Savannah White that we took off with her date."
Nan was right.
Brody began to stir.
Mina took two steps back from Brody as he leaned forward and looked around at his surroundings.
He looked dazed, especially when he saw the two girls he was with.
Mina held her breath as his gaze finally came to rest on her.
She was waiting for a spark, a glimmer of recognition, and for his eyes to crinkle up in happiness when he saw her.
There was nothing.
He looked at her like a stranger before resting his cool blue eyes on Nan.
"Um, I know you, right?"
He stood up and dusted off his pants.
"Yep," Nan answered crisply.
"Nan Taylor?"
he asked.
"Right again?ding, ding, ding.
Give the boy a prize."
Nan snorted as she continued looking for clues as to why they were here.
"What are we doing here?"
Brody asked.
He sounded helplessly lost.
"I think we've been punked.
And this had better not be one of your ideas, Brody.
Now, if you don't mind, I would like to get back to the dance."
She walked over to Mina and looped her hand through Mina's arms.
"Let's get out of here, prom date.
This place gives me the creeps."
Mina nodded and followed in step with Nan, grateful for her best friend's support.
She was doing everything she could to hold back her tears, but she couldn't even see where she was walking.
She let Nan lead her out the back and toward a waiting SUV limo, the means by which Brody had mysteriously appeared.
Nan marched forward, opened up the door, and climbed up inside.
Brody walked behind them slowly and slid in after closing the limo door.
He knocked on the window for the driver to pull away.
Mina scooted as far away from him as she could, hoping the darkness would hide her tears.
She wiped her chin and came away with blood.
Sighing, she tried wiping it on her dirty and stained dress, which was ruined anyway.
She didn't remember that from the fairy tale.
Mina looked up when she felt someone staring, and caught Brody's gaze before he quickly looked away, as if embarrassed.
Mina tried to stare out the window and compose herself.
But fresh new tears began to fall as she realized Jared was gone forever, too.
Brody cleared his throat.
"Uh, I'm sorry.
Here."
He slid down the bench and handed her a handkerchief out of his pocket.
She almost laughed at the gesture.
Who used handkerchiefs anymore?
Mina shook her head, scared to look at him for fear of crying harder.
"Your name's Mina, right?"
Mina bobbed her head.
"Well, Mina, you've got a cut on your chin, and I think it needs to be looked at."
He leaned forward and gently pressed the cloth to Mina's wound.
"I'm sorry.
I don't know what happened tonight, but obviously it was some sort of prank.
Rest assured I will find out how we ended up here.
And I'm sorry you got hurt."
He was talking to her as if he barely knew her.
Were all of those kisses and feelings they had for each other gone?
They couldn't be, could they?
Mina was too scared to ask, too scared to get turned down and made into a fool.
But she was used to being the fool, right?
Just when Mina opened her mouth to tell Brody the truth, Nan shouted from the seat down by the minibar.
"Look, sparkling cider!
And it's open."
Chapter 24
"Ugh, the water polo team!"
Nan fumed on Monday during lunch.
"I hate those guys."
It had turned out that the Story seemed to like Nan's suggestion that they'd been pranked, and had used it to explain their appearance at the factory.
Supposedly, the polo team, on a dare, had kidnapped Brody and two random girls to rile up Savannah, who was furious when her boyfriend was stolen during the dance.
It was meant to look like a seamy affair, and got a big laugh for most of the students, except for Mina.
She was mortified.
Nan couldn't stay mad long, as her tweets about the encounter nearly doubled her followers on Twitter.
"I must admit, seeing Savannah's face as we stepped out of the limo was priceless.
I gained major points among the Savannah haters."
Nan smiled and waved cattily at Savannah, who was nuzzling with Brody three tables away.
Savannah fumed at Nan, who just laughed.
Mina hung her head and refused to look.
She had been getting odd looks from Brody, but they weren't reassuring.
If anything, they made her more nervous.
He looked uncomfortable, like he was forgetting something but couldn't put his finger on it.
And probably never would.
Mina had returned home that night to find her family asleep in bed.
She changed out of her dress and threw it in the closet, at least glad that her clothes now encompassed more of the color spectrum besides red.
She went to her dresser and pulled out her notebook of Unaccomplishments and Epic Disasters, searching for her previous entry about Brody.
It was still there, so she knew it hadn't been a dream.
The Story had at least left her that.
Now her mother's conversation regarding Brody forgetting all about her made sense.
Her mother had known this would happen, but instead of telling her that their relationship would end, she had given Mina a few days of happiness.
She wished now that her mother had told her.
It would have saved her some of the heartache, though not all of it.
She'd sneaked out the fire escape and waited on her rooftop retreat all night, praying that Jared would magically appear to annoy her.
He would be so proud that she had completed three tales.
He never showed.
Mina even looked over the Grimoire.
There were no words, just pictures that depicted the three completed tales.
But they were faded, barely discernible, as if Mina had used up the book's power in the battle against Claire and the Fae wolves.
All of the power that used to hum in the Grimoire had disappeared.
Scared, Mina carried the book everywhere with her.
She even started sleeping with it under her pillow.
Even now it was inside her hoodie, close to her body.
Mina looked over at Nan, who had pulled out a compact and was staring at her forehead with a frown.
She hadn't spoken in at least five minutes, acting completely out of character for Mina's happy-go-lucky, carefree friend.
"What's wrong?"
Mina asked.
Nan made a face into her mirror.
"Oh, nothing.
It's just that I can't get over the feeling that I have more wrinkles than normal.
Look at me-does this look like an age spot to you?"
Nan opened her eyes wide and leaned forward comically toward Mina.
"No."
Mina laughed.
"How about wrinkles?"
Nan scrunched up her face and created too many wrinkles to count.
"Well, now that you mention it, I think you should enroll for the senior citizen discount.
I'm sure you could pass," Mina replied.
"I knew it!"
Nan gasped, pushing her favorite cupcake away and pulling out some age-defying lotion from her purse.
She began to lather her skin with urgency.
Mina started laughing, but gasped out loud when an intense heat flared up in her midsection from the Grimoire.
She put her fingers to her belly, and felt the Grimoire begin to pulse with life.
The hair on the back of Mina's neck began to move, and her body began to tingle.
She frantically looked around the room in preparation for an attack.
She even stood up and put her back to the wall, ready to defend Nan.
Nan's phone beeped.
She pulled it out and let out a slow whistle of appreciation.
"Well, look at that!
Seems we have a new student, and he's a hot one.
Want to see his picture?"
Nan held the phone so Mina could look, but she didn't.
She could feel power building behind her.
Mina turned in dread and then froze, her heart beating loudly in her ears.
He was right there, standing mere feet from her.
Jared.
End of Book 1
About the Author Chanda Hahn uses experience as a children's pastor, children's librarian and bookseller to write compelling and popular fiction for teens.
She was born in Seattle, WA, grew up in Nebraska, and currently resides in Waukesha, WI with her husband and their twin children; Aiden and Ashley.
Visit Chanda Hahn's website to learn more about her other forthcoming books.
www.chandahahn.com
Other Books by Chanda Hahn Available at Smashwords, iBooks, Amazon, BN & Kobo
UnEnchanted (An Unfortunate Fairy Tale Book 1) Jared's Quest (Short  Story)Fairest (An Unfortunate Fairy Tale Book 2) Fable (An Unfortunate Fairy Tale Book 3) Reign (An Unfortunate Fairy Tale Book 4) Forever (An Unfortunate Fairy Tale Book 5)
Lost Girl Lost Boy Lost Shadow (coming soon) Underland Underlord (coming soon)
The Iron Butterfly The Steele Wolf The Silver Siren
Connect with Me Online at: Web: www.chandahahn.com Twitter: www.twitter.com/chandahahn Facebook: www.facebook.com/ChandaHahnAuthor* Introduction Introduction{{{1 # [Introduction](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
The most powerful story we tell is the story we tell to ourselves about our self.
In my youth, my story was based on my experience.
In gym class, I was always the last one picked for teams.
Who will take Larry? the gym teacher would ask.
Girls told me, I just want to be friends, but I wanted to be more than friends.
My marks in school were not impressive.
I passed, but that was about it.
After I dropped out of school at sixteen, I left home and got a job.
Things seemed better at first.
My jobs would seem interesting and fun at the beginning, but they soon became drudgery.
And the pay didnt support much of a lifestyle.
I might have accepted that if I could have seen a future, but I couldnt.
The problem was: I was an expert on who I was not, but I didnt have a clue who I was.
My story about me was about who I wasnt and what I couldnt do.
The truth was that I felt sorry for myself.
Clearly, the story I was telling myself about me was holding me back.
What I needed was some perspective, and I got that perspective from reading the biographies of Anne Frank, Thomas Edison, and Benjamin Franklin.
My troubles were tiny compared to those of thirteen-year-old Anne Frank hiding in an attic from the Nazis.
Yet her response was, I dont think of all the misery, but of the beauty that remains, and, Where theres hope, theres life.
I began to have hope, too.
Some people said that Thomas Edison had failed more than any man who had ever lived.
Yet that wasnt how he saw it.
He said, I havent failed.
I have just found 10,000 ways that wont work.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is to try just one more time.
I began to see my mistakes and failures as learning experiences.
What amazed me about Benjamin Franklin was that he admitted his faults and then shared his plan for self-improvement.
He detailed how hed use a journal to monitor his progress and keep himself on track.
I began to keep a journal and to think about how I could improve myself.
The story I was telling myself about myself started to improve.
I decided to complete my high school education.
Every person in this collection inspires, by their response to challenges (and some of them face incredible challenges), by their commitment to serving humanity, and by staying committed to their values.
I believe every person who reads these stories will be inspired.
* Foreword Foreword{{{1 # [Foreword](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
In my work as a teacher of students with learning challenges, I have myself learned much from my charges.
For example, I learned that many such students remain trusting and maintain the courage to keep on trying, receptive to a teachers efforts to help them meet their challenges.
Other students, however, become discouraged and lose their trust in both their own competence and that of anyone else to assist them.
I realized that if educators did not do something to rebuild students confidence and give them the means to overcome their difficulties, it mattered little if they learned literacy and numeracy skills while nevertheless remaining disempowered persons adrift without hope.
Larry Anderson went through different kinds of challenges in his early life, and was close to losing hope in himself and in his dreams.
But he found the means to become empowered, through reading, through dreaming, through the self-reflection writing journals required.
Thus, coming to understand the power of hope and belief in ones ability to take charge of ones life, Larry has committed himself to communicating this message.
Life is and always will be full of challenges, but the belief that they can be overcome with persistence, determination, and courage is essential to ones wellbeing.
Each person does have a contribution to make, and ones mindset determines whether that contribution is positive and effective or negligible and wasted.
By reading stories such as those in Inspiration to Live Your MAGIC!
(TM), and recognizing the long and arduous journeys that often must be taken to pursue ones dream, personal reflection can inspire one to strive to reach their potential and live the best life possible.
_Judy Craig, Retired Teacher, Principal and_ _Administrator_
* Preface Preface{{{1 # [Preface](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
I wrote this book to keep a promise I made to a twelve-year-old boy in 1959.
The young boy had only two memories of his biological father.
He remembered being beaten with a belt at six years of age because he wouldnt drink his milk.
And he remembered his mother sobbing because of the abuse.
One day, when he was seven, his biological father was gone.
There was no explanation.
The boy didnt care.
A few years later, his mother married another man, who became his stepfather and who later adopted the boy.
This man was kind and supportive, but he was an alcoholic.
Many nights, their tiny home was filled with screaming and arguing, usually about money and alcohol, which grew louder as the drinking continued.
_One such night in the middle of winter, the boy lay trembling in his bed in the open basement.
There were no curtains on the small windows and all around him the laundry was hanging on lines to dry.
A car passed by and the headlights shone through the windows, creating shadow monsters of the laundry.
The boy pulled the blankets over his head and retreated into his dreams.
That night, he made a promise to_ _himself: if he ever figured out how to make his dreams come true, he would share what he had learned with others._
That young boy was me.
I had three dreams: to find a girlfriend and have a loving family; to start my own business and make money; and to travel the world.
At sixteen, I dropped out of school and left home, to escape the chaos and pursue my dreams.
At nineteen, I was a lonely, penniless, unemployed high school dropout, living in a basement room and clinging to the hope that my dreams could still come true.
In my early twenties, one profound insight changed the course of my life in an instant.
I realized my past did not have to define my future.
I began _the journey to live_ my _MAGIC_!
At sixty-three, Im living my dreams.
My wife Janet and I have been married for thirty-five years.
We have two wonderful adult children, Jennifer and Stephen.
I started my first business in 1974, which became part of a business group in 1978 of which Im president and CEO.
Janet and I are financially independent, and we travel six months a year.
We have visited every continent except Antarctica (the Antarctic seas are too rough for Janet, but we waved to Antarctica from the Strait of Magellan as we passed the southern tip of South America).
This book is part of keeping the promise I made to the twelve-year-old me.
For over forty years, since I was nineteen, I have kept a journal.
These journals were sometimes ten-cent coil notebooks, sometimes leather hardcover volumes, but more typically were small, hardcover notebooks I would carry in my pocket.
In order to answer the question, How did I make my dreams come true? I have reviewed my journals five times, and the process of distilling the answer has taken ten years.
In the end, the answer has three parts: inspiration, wisdom, and the journey.
Together, these three parts show you how to live _your_ MAGIC!
I have written three books that together provide the answer:
_\- Inspiration to Live Your MAGIC!
75 Inspiring Biographies_ (which is this book)
\- Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC!
Life Lessons from 50 Amazing Teachers
\- The Journey to Live Your MAGIC!
Five Gifts, Five Choices, Six Tools
To publish these books and other media resources, I established a publishing company called LIAP Media Corp. LIAP Media Corp. is a social enterprise.
I receive no compensation, and one hundred percent of all royalties and profits will be donated to charity.
It is my new dream that these three books and other media resources will help you and others to live your dreams, through embarking on _The Journey to Live_ Your _MAGIC!_
Larry Anderson, April 2011
* A.Y.
Jackson A.Y.
Jackson{{{1
# [A. Y. Jackson](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7e3dc90d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7e3dc90d.jpg)
### Once ridiculed by critics, Canadian painter A.Y.
Jackson is now considered the pioneer of modern landscape art.
He is also the founder of the famous Canadian Group of Seven.
*
The first time A.Y.
Jackson and his artist friends had a show of their paintings, critics called them the product of a deranged mind. Its a good thing that Jackson believed in himself and his abilities; otherwise, he might not have gone on to be one of the most successful and respected artists in Canadian history.
Alexander Young Jackson (everyone called him A.
Y.)
was born to a poor family in Montreal in 1882.
His father abandoned them when he was young, and A.Y.
had to go to work at age twelve to help support his brothers and sisters.
Working in a print shop, he became interested in art, and eventually he saved up enough money to travel and study in Europe.
After returning to Canada, he began to paint landscapes in a fresh new style.
Other young artists took notice, and A.Y.
Jackson soon had a group of friends who not only loved to paint, but also aspired to change the traditional way in which landscapes were painted.
Jackson had faith in himself and his fellow artists; he felt they could turn the art world on its head.
He and several other artists decided to try an unusual experiment.
Traveling by train, and living together in a boxcar as it rolled across northern Ontario, they painted everything they saw.
The Group of Seven, as they called themselves, put the results of the tour together to create an art show in Toronto in 1920.
That was the show where the critics called the paintings art gone mad.
But this did not deter A. Y.; he was convinced that the Group of Seven was on to something great.
He kept painting, traveling, and exhibiting, and although it took many years, his modern style started to catch on and his work became increasingly popular.
By the time he died in 1974 at the age of eighty-two, A.Y.
Jackson was acknowledged as a painting genius and a pioneer of modern landscape art.
He and the other painters of the Group of Seven are among the most famous artists in Canadian history, with an entire museum and art gallery dedicated to their work.
Jackson could have chosen to listen to the critics and given up his bold new ideas, but he remained confident and followed his dream.
~ ~ ~
* Aaron Moser Aaron Moser{{{1
# [Aaron Moser](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5f321598.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5f321598.jpg)
### After a serious accident not only ended Aaron Mosers junior hockey career but made him a quadriplegic, he created a research foundation dedicated to finding a cure for spinal cord injuries.
*
Some Canadian patriots get themselves a maple leaf tattoo.
Aaron Moser got two maple leafs built into his custom-made wheelchair - the one he used to help carry the Olympic torch.
It was an incredibly proud moment when Moser, who calls himself a super patriot, helped carry the torch around the arena at the opening of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver.
It was also a tribute to him and his courage.
Aaron was only seventeen years old when tragedy struck during a 1998 local junior league hockey game in British Columbia.
He was checked into the boards, hit head first, and broke his neck.
Aarons spinal cord was cut, leaving him a quadriplegic; he has no feeling or movement below his chest.
For Aaron, who was such an athletic and active guy, it was a brutal blow.
For his family, it meant adapting their lives and their home to support him, and help him adjust to his new life.
It also meant extra expenses.
Aaron Mosers family, friends, and the entire community pulled together.
They set up a trust fund to cover the renovations, equipment, supplies, and other expenses.
Soon, the trust fund was swamped with donations - not just from people in the area who knew Aaron, but also from people throughout the world of hockey.
They werent just motivated by the tragedy; they were inspired by the way the teenager handled the shocking change to his life.
Aaron refused to complain about his fate or to give up hope.
He kept insisting that he would work hard enough and long enough to walk again.
The trust fund and Mosers courage kept attracting donations.
After a while, there was enough money not only to help Aaron Moser, but also to set up a foundation in his name - a non-profit group dedicated to helping find a cure for him and others with spinal cord injuries.
Every year, Moser and dedicated volunteers run a golf tournament and other activities to raise money for spinal cord injury research.
As of this writing, they have brought in more than $400,000.
And every year, they help researchers get a little closer to a cure.
As Moser always says, I have no doubt that one day I will walk again!
~ ~ ~
* Abraham Lincoln Abraham Lincoln{{{1
# [Abraham Lincoln](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a126912.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a126912.jpg)
### A lawyer and an advocate for making slavery illegal, Abraham Lincoln was president of the U.S. during the American Civil War that ended with the abolishment of slavery.
*
Its not always easy to do the right thing, especially when some people are threatening to kill you if you dont back down!
But Abraham Lincoln was the kind of person who stuck to his principles, no matter what.
Abe Lincoln was always known for doing the right thing. His small store in Kentucky became the most popular in town because people knew they could trust him.
Thats how he earned his nickname - Honest Abe.
All through his life, Lincoln valued integrity more than anything else.
He insisted that people who worked for him must be honest and fair.
Although he was born in poverty, Lincoln pulled himself up through life.
He studied at night to become a lawyer.
He was popular and well-liked enough to get into politics, and thats where Abe Lincolns sense of what was right and wrong rose to the top.
Slavery was still legal in the United States, and Lincoln was one of many people who believed it was simply wrong.
He gave powerful speeches calling for an end to slavery.
The issue was threatening to tear the country apart by the time Lincoln was elected president.
The southern and northern states had opposing views on the subject and the U.S. Civil War began.
It was a long war with many casualties.
Soon, Lincoln was unpopular in many parts of the north; in the south, he was simply hated.
Even after the northern forces won the war and Lincoln was president of the whole country again, many people in the south wished him dead.
That hatred only got worse when Lincoln kept his word and freed the slaves.
But even though he was getting death threats, Honest Abe stuck to his principles.
One night Lincoln went with his wife to watch a play.
At the theater, an actor who didnt like Lincolns politics shot and killed him.
It was a great shock to the nation.
The country had lost its strong but gentle leader.
That was more than 140 years ago, but Abraham Lincoln is still remembered as one of the greatest leaders in American history - the man who ended slavery in the United States by doing the right thing, no matter what the cost.
~ ~ ~
* Albert Schweitzer Albert Schweitzer{{{1
# [Albert Schweitzer](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5e9b787b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5e9b787b.jpg)
### Albert Schweitzer became a doctor so he could devote the rest of his life to helping people who most needed help.
He also traveled the world, advocating for peace and reverence for life, and won the Nobel Peace Prize for his humanitarian work.
*
Do something wonderful with your life, said Albert Schweitzer.
People may imitate you!
Dr. Schweitzer lived out those words, using his life to help untold thousands of people and to set an example that still inspires the world today.
As a child in the late 1800s, Albert Schweitzer showed an incredible talent for music.
By the time he was a young man, he was not only giving popular concerts on the pipe organ, he had become an acknowledged world expert on building organs, interpreting classical music, and making musical recordings.
He made a very good living with his music, but Schweitzer was also a deep thinker when it came to religion and living a good, worthwhile life.
He wrote influential books about Jesus Christ and Christian philosophy, and he decided that when he turned thirty years old, he would give up his career and devote the rest of his life to helping other people.
As planned, he quit working at age thirty and went back to school.
His family and friends thought he was crazy, but Schweitzer had decided to become a doctor.
He figured that was the best route to being able to help others in need.
After getting his medical degree, Dr. Schweitzer raised enough money by playing more concerts to set off for the poor African country of Gabon, where there was a critical shortage of medical care.
He and his wife traveled more than 300 kilometers up the Ogoou River and set up a makeshift hospital.
People came from hundreds of kilometers around to Dr. Schweitzers little one- room medical miracle - the only hospital and doctor that most of them had ever seen.
He and his wife, Helene, worked themselves to exhaustion.
They were forced to stop when World War I broke out when, as Germans working in French territory, they were taken prisoner.
After the war, Dr. Schweitzer went back to Gabon, re-built the abandoned hospital, and resumed his free medical care for anyone who needed it.
For another forty years, until his death in 1963, he spent most of his time in Gabon.
He spent the rest of his time traveling the world, raising money and encouraging other people to follow his example.
Albert Schweitzer was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1952 - not just for his hospital work, but also for his personal philosophy - Reverence for Life - that encouraged everyone to respect others and recognize their right to life.
~ ~ ~
* Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel{{{1
# [Alfred Nobel](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2bcc8183.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2bcc8183.jpg)
### Can you imagine reading your own obituary in the newspaper?
What would people say about you?
Alfred Nobel got the chance to read his own death notice, and he didnt like what he saw.
*
Alfred Nobel was a very wealthy and successful man.
He had become an expert in chemistry and invented three of the most commonly used explosives in the world - dynamite, gelignite (used in mining) and ballistite, which is still used as a rocket propellant today.
With the huge fortune he made from these inventions, Nobel bought an engineering company called Bofors and turned it into an arms manufacturer.
He made another enormous fortune designing cannons and guns and selling them around the world.
Then, in 1888, Alfreds brother died while visiting France.
A French newspaper thought it was Alfred who had died and they published an obituary that began like this:
THE MERCHANT OF DEATH IS DEAD
Dr. Alfred Nobel, who became rich by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before, died yesterday.
Alfred Nobel was shocked.
Was this what people thought of him?
Was this the legacy he would leave to the world?
Thats when he decided to use his vast wealth to make a positive difference.
Nobel set up a foundation with $250 million dollars in funding.
Every year the foundation would consult the leading experts in the world and hand out prizes to people who had made great contributions to humanity.
There would be prizes for sciences, for literature, and for promoting peace.
Today the Nobel Prizes are probably the bestknown and most prestigious awards in the world.
They have been awarded to great scientists, authors and activists and helped draw attention to many outstanding works and worthy causes.
Nobel set up his foundation in 1895: just in time to influence his own obituary.
He died only a year later.
The Nobel Prizes accomplished his wish; they created a very different legacy for him than a reputation as The Merchant of Death. He is not remembered as an explosives inventor or arms dealer, but as one of the greatest philanthropists of all time.
He is also a great example of how it is never too late to change your life and help make the world a better place.
~ ~ ~
* Alice Waters Alice Waters{{{1
# [Alice Waters](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5899f378.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5899f378.jpg)
### Besides being a world-renowned chef and creator of the famous California restaurant Chez Panisse, Alice Waters runs a national campaign promoting organic food and healthy eating for children.
*
When famous people from Hollywood travel through Berkeley, California, there is only one place to eat: Chez Panisse.
Its been named the best restaurant in the United States, and one of the best in the entire world.
The creator of this remarkable eating-place is Alice Waters, who has been voted one of the top chefs on the planet, and is given credit for popularizing organic food in North America.
Waters actually set out to be a teacher, and was studying education in France when she discovered fine food and the fact that organic food, locally grown without chemicals, makes a huge difference in cooking.
Back home, while working as a teacher, she continued studying, cooking, and making delicious meals for friends .
.
.
and their friends .
.
.
and their friends friends.
It wasnt long before she thought of opening a restaurant to serve her organic food to everyone.
Within a few years, Chez Panisse was a sensation, and Waters ideas for fresh, healthy food spread to other restaurants, and then to supermarkets and kitchens across North America.
She changed the way that many people think about and prepare their food.
Some people might be satisfied with having legions of happy clients, a worldwide reputation, and a series of bestselling books.
Other people might have expanded into more restaurants, TV shows, and other ways of building on their wealth and fame - but not Alice Waters.
For her, the money and recognition are only tools; its how you use them that counts.
So, now that she has played a big role in making organic food popular and available, Waters has decided to make another difference in the world.
She is using her fame, experience, and knowledge for something else she strongly believes in - helping children.
Thats why youll see one of the worlds best chefs going into schools to teach kids (and their parents) about healthy eating and organic food.
Its part of her national campaign to fight obesity and other health problems caused by bad eating habits that people develop when they are young.
Her dream is to help everyone enjoy a better quality of life through better eating.
So, in the end, Alice Waters is still following her dream of teaching and helping young people.
~ ~ ~
* Amelia Earhart Amelia Earhart{{{1
# [Amelia Earhart](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2967065b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2967065b.jpg)
### A record-setting aviation pioneer and adventurer, Amelia Earhart was a celebrity and advocate for womens equality in the early 1900s.
*
Millie and Pidge were two unusual little girls.
Growing up in the 1860s in Kansas, their mother let them run wild like the neighborhood boys - something that just wasnt done in those days.
Millie and her sister became fearless tomboys: climbing trees, collecting bugs, and helping their uncle build a home-made (and very dangerous!)
wooden roller coaster.
Full of self-confidence, Amelia (Millies real name) grew up determined to do something great with her life.
She just didnt know what it was going to be.
One answer seemed to come during World War I, when Earhart visited her sister in Toronto and ended up volunteering as a nurse at a military hospital.
Right after the war, a worldwide flu pandemic killed millions of people in 1918.
Earhart kept nursing but got sick herself, and spent nearly a year recovering in the hospital.
Then, something else happened in Toronto that changed Amelia Earharts life.
She watched one of the first annual air shows at the famous Canadian National Exhibition.
The pilot of a biplane swooped down low and flew right over her head.
From that moment, she was hooked on airplanes.
Back home in Kansas, Earhart took her first airplane ride and announced that she was going to learn to fly.
Working every job she could get, Amelia saved up the money for lessons and became only the sixteenth woman in the world to get her international flying license.
Amelia Earhart became somewhat of a celebrity and set out to promote flying, especially for women.
Her fame skyrocketed after she became the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean, even though she was little more than a passenger.
After that, Earhart started setting her own records.
She became the first woman to fly across North America and back, set a new world altitude record, and became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic.
By this time, she was a major star - writing books, making celebrity appearances, and designing her own line of clothes.
She used her fame to promote flying as a form of transportation, and constantly worked for equality for women, not just in the air, but in all aspects of life.
Amelia Earhart was one of the most famous people in the world when she disappeared during her greatest adventure - flying around the world.
Her fate is still a mystery.
~ ~ ~
* Andrew Lloyd Webber Andrew Lloyd Webber{{{1
# [Andrew Lloyd Webber](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b9c8168.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b9c8168.jpg)
### Composer, writer, and producer of the most popular musicals of all time, Andrew Lloyd Webber is an Oscar, Grammy, and Tony Award winner, and a huge contributor to the arts in Britain.
*
Music was in Andrew Lloyd Webbers genes.
His father was a classical composer, and his mother played both the violin and piano; Webbers younger brother grew up to be a world-renowned solo cello player.
So its not surprising that Andrew loved music as a child, and showed a remarkable natural talent.
By age nine, he was composing suites of classical music.
Among Andrews talented family members was his Aunt Viola, an actress who introduced him to the world of theater and took him to see many plays and musical shows.
The bright little boy fell in love with the stage and dreamed of being involved in show business.
Andrew was a top student in school and went off to the famed Oxford University to study history.
But his love of music and the theater was so strong that he realized he would never be happy unless he followed his passion.
He switched to the Royal College of Music, determined to pursue his dream.
There are always many bright young musicians trying to make a living composing music, but Andrew Lloyd Webber stood out from the crowd by using two important aspects of his artistic background - the discipline and power of classical music, and the fun and appeal of the popular theater.
The musicals he created from that artistic fusion include the most popular of all time.
His shows, including Cats, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Evita, The Phantom of the Opera, and Jesus Christ, Superstar, have set box-office records, become popular films, and generated such hit songs as Memory, The Music of the Night, and Dont Cry for Me, Argentina.
With one smash hit after another, Webber was instrumental in bringing musicals back into popularity.
He has won a long list of awards, including an Oscar, four Grammies, and seven Tony Awards.
Webber has invested some of the hundreds of millions of dollars he has made (hes among the richest people in Britain) into buying theaters, supporting upcoming playwrights and composers, and creating a charitable foundation.
He has contributed so much to the arts in Britain that the Queen knighted him, and later made him a baron.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is still following his passion for musical theater, creating new shows that tour the world and bring his unique brand of music to new generations of fans.
~ ~ ~
* Anne Frank Anne Frank{{{1
# [Anne Frank](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4031f243.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4031f243.jpg)
### Author of a diary that chronicled the fate of a Jewish family in Nazi Germany, teenager Anne Frank died in a concentration camp; but, decades later, her diary was published in more than sixty languages.
*
Being a Jew in Nazi Germany was a horrific fate.
Adolf Hitler and the Nazis took away the Jews jobs, property, and rights, then began sending them to concentration camps where they worked under horrible conditions and were beaten, starved, and often killed en masse in gas ovens.
Anne Frank was just four years old when the Nazis came to power, and her family wisely fled from Germany to Holland.
But the Germans soon invaded Holland and began rounding up all Jews to be sent to the death camps.
Her father took thirteen-year-old Anne and her mother and sister into hiding.
He had a secret apartment built in his office building, and some of his employees bravely brought them food and supplies.
Anne and her family hid in the cramped quarters for two years, living in constant fear of being discovered.
Anne, who had been a very good student, began to keep a journal to help pass the long days.
She wrote about her family members daily lives, about the terrible fate of their friends and others at the hands of the Nazis, and about her dreams of freedom.
She still had the courage to hope.
Their secret hiding place was so well constructed that they might have stayed hidden for the entire war, but someone betrayed them and told the Nazis.
Annes father was sent to one death camp; the two girls and their mother were sent to another.
Annes mother gave all her food to her two daughters to help keep them alive.
, and starved to death; the two girls, working like slaves, sick, and existing on tiny amounts of rotten food, also died a few months later.
The only survivor was Annes father.
After the war, he went back to Holland and found the loyal workers who had hidden his family.
They had saved Annes diary, hoping to return it to her.
When Annes father saw how well written his daughters journal was, and the powerful tale it told of suffering under the Nazis, he determined to have it published.
The Diary of Anne Frank is considered one of the most important books of the twentieth century.
Today, Annes diary is often studied in schools to demonstrate the terrible human cost of bigotry and hatred - as well as the power of hope.
~ ~ ~
* Beatrice Biira Beatrice Biira{{{1
# [Beatrice Biira](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6c193bb6.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6c193bb6.jpg)
### After her family was rescued from desperate poverty by being given a goat, young Beatrice Biira was able to get an education, and she became an international advocate and speaker in support of education and against poverty.
*
It may be hard to imagine that a goat changed someones life, but its true.
In fact, the story of Beatrice Biira shows that goats can help change the world!
Beatrice was a child living in Kisinga, a poor village in the west of Uganda, when the goat arrived.
The animal was a gift from Heifer International, an aid agency that provides animals to help struggling families like Beatrices in many countries.
Owning a goat completely changed the world for Beatrice and her family, who were desperately poor.
Suddenly, they had milk to drink and improve their health, extra milk to sell and provide urgently needed money, goat droppings to use as fertilizer for growing food, and a sense of hope for the future.
The extra money also meant that her family could afford to pay for school fees, books, and a uniform, so Beatrice was able to get the most powerful possession in the world - an education.
As a bright and determined girl, Beatrice was ready to take full advantage of her new opportunities, and her intelligence and willingness to work hard made her stand out among the students.
Meanwhile, Heifer International saw what a huge difference their help had made and decided to use Beatrice Biiras story to encourage people to support their program.
They created a book entitled Beatrices Goat to explain how just one goat, cow, or other farm animal can rescue a family from poverty.
The book was so popular that they invited Biira to go to the United States and tell her story to the public and the media.
Wherever she went, she touched peoples hearts and earned their admiration.
With the support of a scholarship, Beatrice Biira went on to attend Connecticut College, earning a BA in International Development and Social Change.
As of this writing, she is working toward an MA in Public Service from the Clinton School of Public Service.
Biira is the outreach coordinator for Millennium Promise and Connect To Learn.
She mobilizes and energizes communities on behalf of global campaigns to end extreme poverty in our lifetime, and to educate girls and boys through high- tech platforms.
Beatrice Biiras life was transformed by her opportunity to get an education, and that was made possible by the gift of a goat.
She is now changing the lives of others in poverty.
~ ~ ~
* Beatrix Potter Beatrix Potter{{{1
# [Beatrix Potter](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1eaf92f1.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1eaf92f1.jpg)
### Storyteller, illustrator, nature lover, and self-taught nature expert, Beatrix Potter went from leading an extremely isolated life to becoming a famous and wealthy writer and illustrator of childrens books.
*
If Beatrix Potters parents had let her go to university, as she so badly wanted to do, she might be remembered today as one of the worlds great experts on mushrooms.
Instead, she became one of the bestselling childrens authors of all time.
Beatrixs family was wealthy, but very strict with their daughter.
She was raised away from other children, with private tutors teaching her at remote country estates in England.
Her parents were determined to keep her at home for the rest of her life, to be their housekeeper and care for them in their old age.
But Beatrix had dreams.
She loved nature and all plants and animals, particularly rabbits, and kept many kinds of creatures as pets.
She was also an excellent artist who could create detailed and realistic paintings and drawings.
Above all, Beatrix had a great imagination, and loved to read and tell stories.
Living such an isolated life, Beatrix became a nature expert, particularly with regard to plants and fungi.
With her great artistic talents, she could draw amazing illustrations of mushrooms that earned her respect among naturalists.
The young woman thought she might have a future as a botanist, studying plants, but her parents wouldnt let her pursue a career, and few scientists in the 1800s would have ever taken a woman seriously.
Beatrix felt trapped in her parents life until someone pointed a way out.
Beatrix had written letters to her last governesss five-year-old son.
In the letters, Beatrix had made up adventure stories about rabbits and other creatures that she loved.
The former governess thought the stories were wonderful, and encouraged Beatrix to turn them into a childrens book.
Writing the story and doing her own illustrations, Beatrix Potter created The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
Although one publisher after another turned the idea down, Potter would not give up her dream of achievement and independence.
After years of trying, The Tale of Peter Rabbit was finally published.
It was a big hit, and so were the books that followed.
Characters like Squirrel Nutkin, Jemima Puddle-Duck, and the Flopsy Bunnies became favorites for children across England.
Potter earned enough money to leave home and live her own life.
She married, bought a huge farm, and raised as many animals as she liked.
Her more than twenty popular childrens books made her wealthy and famous, but it was her hard-earned independence that Beatrix Potter treasured most.
~ ~ ~
* Benjamin Franklin Benjamin Franklin{{{1
# [Benjamin Franklin](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7de40f85.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7de40f85.jpg)
### Known for both his self-discipline and his sense of humor, Benjamin Franklin was famous for his many accomplishments, including his inventions.
*
Printer, inventor, scientist, writer, politician, and ambassador - Benjamin Franklin was all of these and more.
He invented things we still use today, and changed the history of his nation.
How did he do it?
By being self- disciplined, he said.
Ben Franklin actually set out to make himself a better person, and his efforts seemed to work.
Ben was born in the United States when it was still a British colony.
He was a clever boy with a sense of humor; he used to write anonymous letters to his brothers newspaper that were so funny and biting that everyone wondered who the author could be.
Young Ben was determined to be a success.
He made himself a list of good character traits he thought would help him succeed, and he practiced each one for a week at a time.
His list was: temperance (not eating or drinking too much); silence (only saying what is useful); order (keeping things in their places and doing things at the right time); resolution (always keeping your word); frugality (not wasting money); industry (working hard and making good use of your time); sincerity (not being hurtful or lying); justice (doing whats right); moderation (not too much of anything); cleanliness (body, clothes, and house); tranquility (staying calm when things go wrong); chastity (being pure with sex); and humility (not bragging).
Ben Franklins self-discipline helped him to become a successful printer with his own newspaper and popular magazine.
He became well known for sayings that are still repeated today, such as: Honesty is the best policy; Time is money; and A penny saved is a penny earned.
Many of his inventions are also still used today \- bifocal glasses, swim fins, and the Franklin wood stove, for example.
He studied science, and became world-famous for his experiments that helped prove that lightning carried electricity.
Franklin was well known for his charitable work \- creating a library, a fire department, and a public insurance company.
He also got involved in politics, fought for American independence, and represented the United States in England and France.
Back home, he helped to write the U.S. Constitution.
But, of all these accomplishments, Ben Franklin was most proud of one thing: improving himself every day.
~ ~ ~
* Bertha Wilson Bertha Wilson{{{1
# [Bertha Wilson](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_31bcf8.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_31bcf8.jpg)
### Not only did Bertha Wilson become the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court of Canada, she also had the courage to make groundbreaking judgments, particularly regarding womens rights.
*
It can be very hard to be the first one to do something - to break through a barrier and stand out from everyone else.
Bertha Wilson faced that kind of challenge when she became the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court of Canada.
She became one of Canadas top judges in 1982, and to her surprise, the Court didnt even have a womens washroom!
Plenty of people thought that Wilson would not be able to handle the job because she was a woman.
It didnt help that she was a soft-spoken person with a charming Scottish accent and a reserved manner.
How could someone like that be tough enough for the Supreme Court?
But Bertha Wilson had been a top-notch lawyer and the first woman on the Ontario Court of Appeal.
Underneath her quiet demeanor, she had a brilliant mind and a strong will.
After all, Wilson, who came from a small, working-class town in Scotland, had worked her way up to one of the top law firms in Canada, fighting sexism all the way.
When she had first tried to enroll in law school, the dean had told her to Go home and take up crocheting.
So, Wilson had earned her way to the Supreme Court by being just as smart and tough as any man.
Soon, she was making the other Supreme Court justices - and the whole country - sit up and take notice.
She dared to make groundbreaking judgments on issues that no one else had dared to touch, especially those regarding womens rights.
Her rulings challenged the way that the law treated women in Canada.
When she died in 2007, a newspaper article commented that Bertha Wilson delivered the news Canadians werent always ready to hear. Her inner strength gave her the confidence to say what needed to be said, even when it was not easy or pleasant.
Thanks to her belief in herself and in her principles, Wilson proved that women could serve well in any court, at any level.
Today, she gets credit for breaking the barrier and making it possible for other women to reach the highest levels of the legal profession.
~ ~ ~
* Beverley McLachlin Beverley McLachlin{{{1
# [Beverley McLachlin](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69ea312d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69ea312d.jpg)
### As a lawyer, judge, and professor, and the first woman to be chief justice of the Supreme Court of British Columbia, Beverley McLachlin has dedicated her life to the idea of equal justice for all people.
*
There was not much doubt that Beverley McLachlin was going to be a success.
Growing up in the small town of Pincher Creek, Alberta in the 1940s, Beverley was an excellent student and had learned the value of hard work from her farmer parents.
The question was - what would she do with her excellent brain?
Beverley herself was not sure, even while she was going to university, but two things happened that changed her life.
The first incident was a chance meeting with a stranger on the bus.
The stranger was a Native Canadian, who told Beverley how she had been taken from her family, forced to go to a residential school, and how her culture and language were taken away from her.
The second incident was a special privilege - being chosen to go on a foreign study trip as part of one of her university programs.
In the African country of Algeria, Beverley saw real poverty and injustice.
She learned how hard life was for people who had no rights and no one to stand up for them.
These events strengthened Beverley McLachlins sense of justice and fairness, and she never forgot them.
She went on to earn her law degree and dedicate her life to the idea of equal justice for all people.
She soon earned a reputation as a brilliant legal mind who could tackle the trickiest situations.
Within a few years, she was taking on major cases at a top law firm in Vancouver and teaching law at university.
McLachlin was a natural choice to become a judge \- fair-minded and compassionate, but also tough and smart.
It did not take long for her to be promoted to higher courts.
She became the first woman to be chief justice of the Supreme Court of B.C., and then, in 1989, she was asked to serve in the highest court of the land, the Supreme Court of Canada.
As a judge, Beverley McLachlin has made major decisions that affect her whole nation - helping to draw the line between the rights of individuals and the power of government.
Legal experts say she brings a unique and powerful point of view, coming up with solutions others might never have thought of.
But all of her decisions, and all of her work for groups dedicated to education and justice, are based on her core belief that all people deserve equal freedom, justice, and protection.
~ ~ ~
* Celine Dion Celine Dion{{{1
# [Celine Dion](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_342003fa.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_342003fa.jpg)
### Celine Dions story proves that you never know where life will take you, even when youre one of fourteen children from a poor family.
Celine is one of the most popular singers the world has ever produced, and is a multi-million dollar contributor to charities.
*
As the best-selling female pop singer of all time - with some 200 million albums sold - and one of the richest women in the world of entertainment, you might think that Celine Dion has had an easy life.
In fact, along with the gold records and successful world tours, her life has had many challenges, both in her childhood and during the days of her superstardom.
As the youngest of fourteen children in a poor Quebec family, Celine learned the value of a dollar from an early age.
Her huge family provided her with love, encouragement, and a devotion to music, but all of the children had to pitch in to make ends meet financially.
Beginning with a homemade audio tape she made at age twelve, her career as a singer and songwriter first blossomed in her native province.
Celine then had to work hard to learn English and perfect her show-business skills before she could break into the broader world music market.
In 1989, at the beginning of her career, Celine Dion nearly lost her famously powerful voice for good!
She injured her voice box during a concert and was told she might need surgery to ever speak properly again.
It took weeks of rest, therapy, and a new regimen of practice and technique before Dion regained her abilities.
Ten years later, she was at the height of her popularity, with gold records in both English and French covering her walls.
Songs like My Heart Will Go On (used in the hit movie Titanic) made her a global success.
But, Dion had not been able to have the one thing she wanted most - a child.
And then, her husband was diagnosed with cancer.
Dion made the decision to take time off from her career.
She focused on her family, nursing her husband back to health, and undergoing fertility treatments so that she could have a child.
Her first child, a son, was born in 2001.
She then successfully restarted her career, producing more albums and a series of sold-out shows in Las Vegas.
Today, she still reigns as the biggest music star Canada has ever produced, and one of the most popular singers in world history.
As a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations, and a multi-million dollar contributor to health and education charities, Celine Dion helps others overcome their life challenges.
In 2010, she gave birth to twin boys.
~ ~ ~
* Christopher Columbus Christopher Columbus{{{1
# [Christopher Columbus](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49b78041.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49b78041.jpg)
### As a sailor, sea captain, trader, and explorer, what Christopher Columbus lacked in navigation tools, he made up for with courage, daring, and perseverance as he headed straight west across an unknown ocean.
*
A lot of people think that Christopher Columbus discovered America.
However, by the time he made his first voyage, in 1492, aboriginal peoples had been living in North America for tens of thousands of years.
Even the Vikings, who were also Europeans, had landed in Canada hundreds of years before Columbus was born.
Furthermore, Columbus himself never actually set foot on mainland North America, but landed in the Caribbean Islands.
Overall, Columbus was wrong about where he was going (Asia), how long the journey was (he thought it was 3,700 km, but it was more than 19,000 km), and where he landed (aboriginal American people became known as Indians because Columbus thought he had landed in India).
So, why is Columbus the most famous explorer of all time?
Partly because what Columbus accomplished was amazing for the time.
In those days, Europeans trading with Asia had to sail all the way south around the tip of Africa, then east across the Indian Ocean.
Columbus had the daring idea to take a short cut - straight west across the empty ocean, into the complete unknown.
It took tremendous determination for a man who was known as a trader - not an explorer - to get backing for his plan to sail around the world.
The experts said it couldnt be done.
One country after another turned him down until, after years of effort, Columbus finally got the king and queen of Spain to give him the money, ships, and sailors he needed.
For Columbus to sail further out of sight of land than anyone ever had done before, trusting in his own calculations and abilities, took a lot of courage.
And he would need all of his seafaring abilities to find a safe route home again, using the Trade Winds that blow east across the Atlantic Ocean.
While Columbus remained convinced to his death that he had found a route to India, his voyages changed the course of history.
Even with all his mixups, Columbus brought back to Europe the news of amazing new lands and peoples.
His discovery was the start of a huge movement of Europeans who came to North, Central, and South America to explore, trade, conquer, and occupy.
Ultimately, Columbuss adventuring meant that many changes would take place in the Americas.
Whether you believe those changes were good, bad, or a mix of the two, there can be no doubt that Christopher Columbus altered the world through his vision and determination.
~ ~ ~
* Craig Kielburger Craig Kielburger{{{1
# [Craig Kielburger](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4b1c7445.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4b1c7445.jpg)
### Creator of Free The Children, an organization whose purpose is to free child slaves all over the world and provide them with an education, Craig Kielburger was a child himself when his passion to help children began.
*
One morning in 1995, twelve-year-old Craig Kielburger was flipping through a newspaper, looking for the comics, and he happened to see a headline about the murder of a boy named Iqbal who was about Craigs own age.
Craig read about how Iqbal had been sold into slavery in South Asia at the age of four and spent six years chained to a carpet-making machine, working day and night.
Iqbal had escaped, told his story to the world, and started fighting against child slavery.
Now, the story said, Iqbal had been killed to stop his campaign for freedom.
That terrible story touched something in Craig, and he determined to pick up Iqbals cause and work to free children from slavery, poverty, and ignorance.
It was a big ambition for a twelve-year-old, but Craig says Iqbals story proved that the bravest voice could live in the smallest body.
So, Craig cut the article out of the paper, took it to his school in Thornhill, Ontario, and asked his classmates if they wanted to help.
Eleven other kids put their hands up .
.
.
and that was the start of the group Craig called Free The Children.
Together, they set out to raise funds, tell people about the plight of child slaves worldwide, and - above all \- to help those children get the freedom and education they needed.
Craigs friends told other friends, parents, teachers .
.
.
the word spread quickly and Free The Children grew by leaps and bounds.
Soon, they were working with other groups in third world countries, getting support from companies and associations, and creating their own education and development programs.
Today, Free The Children is the worlds largest network of children helping children through education.
There are more than one million youth involved in forty-five countries worldwide.
They build schools, provide clean water and health care, and fight against the abuse and neglect of children .
.
.
everything to make life better for other children and youth.
Craig Kielburger is now a grown man, but continues to dedicate his entire life to the cause he started when he was twelve.
He flies all over the world, giving speeches and working with various groups that share his passion for justice.
Here at home, he helps organize and support student leaders and others who want to change the world for the better.
And it all happened because Kielburger saw something disturbing in the newspaper, and refused to just turn the page.
~ ~ ~
* Diane Warren Diane Warren{{{1
# [Diane Warren](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c5f4771.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c5f4771.jpg)
### A prolific songwriter with six Oscar nominations, a Golden Globe, and Songwriter of the Year awards, Diane Warren has created a foundation that supports music programs in financially challenged schools.
Many young people feel the same way that Diane Warren did as a girl - misunderstood and somehow different from everyone around her.
Growing up in California, she wanted to rebel against her parents and everything else in her world.
She ran away from home as a teenager, and only came back because she missed her cat!
The truth was that Diane was different.
She had a strong creative spark, and a great way with words.
And she found comfort in writing songs that expressed her feelings.
While her mother thought Diane was a dreamer who should focus on getting a job as a secretary, her father encouraged her hopes of becoming a songwriter.
With that encouragement and a strong will to follow her own direction in life, Diane began the tough task of trying to sell her songs.
Her determination and talent paid off with her first hit song in the 1980s - Solitaire, performed by Laura Branigan.
Other hits quickly followed - pop hits, rock hits, country hits - performed by some of the biggest names in music, including Celine Dion, Trisha Yearwood, Toni Braxton, and LeAnn Rimes.
Warrens career soared to new heights when her songs began to appear in hit films, resulting in six Oscar nominations and a Golden Globe award for You Havent Seen the Last of Me, performed by Cher in the movie Burlesque.
She now has a star on the celebrated Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been named Songwriter of the Year six times, among a host of other honors and awards.
But Diane Warren did not forget what it felt like to be that lonely girl with a love for music.
She has used her fame and fortune to start a foundation that supports music programs in financially challenged schools, and she helps sponsor contests for emerging songwriters.
Recalling how her father was the one person to encourage her love of music, she wrote the hit song Because You Loved Me as a tribute to his support.
In 1993, the struggling Montreal Canadiens adopted one of Diane Warrens songs, Nothings Gonna Stop Us Now, as their unofficial anthem, and went on to win the Stanley Cup that year.
Just like Warren herself, they demonstrated the power of determination and self-belief.
~ ~ ~
* Eleanor Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt{{{1
# [Eleanor Roosevelt](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5ff5828d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5ff5828d.jpg)
### As wife of a politician who became president of the United States, Eleanor Roosevelt used her high profile and spirited personality to become a renowned international activist, speaker, and author.
Eleanor Roosevelt was born into privilege and wealth.
Her family had plenty of money and was part of New York high society, and her uncle Teddy was president of the United States.
But Eleanors early life was hard; her mother and brother both died of illness when she was very young, and her father drank himself to death.
She was a lonely, quiet, shy girl with no confidence, despite the fact that she was very intelligent.
It was only as a teenager that Eleanor began to blossom.
She started doing well in school, volunteered to do social work in the poor neighborhoods of New York, and began to believe in herself.
Even though she knew that she was no great beauty, Eleanor decided that honesty and loyalty would show in her face and make her attractive from the inside out.
It seems she was right - she attracted the attention of a distant relative named Franklin, a tall, handsome man who seemed destined for great things in politics.
But again, fate set out a hard road for Eleanor Roosevelt.
Her husband had an affair, then developed polio and was very ill for a long time.
This is when Eleanor Roosevelts real character came out, and her determination and spirit only grew stronger.
She began to be a force in politics herself, stepping in for her sick husband in public appearances while getting him back on his feet again at home.
Thanks in large part to Eleanor, Franklin won the election to become governor of New York State and then, in 1933, to become president of the United States of America.
Eleanor Roosevelt now had a very high profile.
From then on, this remarkable woman used her fame and dynamic personality to fight for every cause she believed in.
She was a great supporter of equality for women and minorities, helped form the United Nations and write its Declaration of Human Rights, and won praise from soldiers for her compassionate visits to the front lines in World War II.
As an international author, speaker, and activist, she was a role model for women around the world at a time when few women had such public roles.
Eleanor Roosevelt encouraged all people, whatever their gender or race, to live up to their potentials and pursue their dreams, just as she had done.
Today, polls in the United States still rank her as one of the most admired Americans in history.
~ ~ ~
* Ferdinand Magellan Ferdinand Magellan{{{1
# [Ferdinand Magellan](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_734a8b68.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_734a8b68.jpg)
### A sixteenth-century seaman, trader, fighter, and explorer, Ferdinand Magellan was captain of the fleet that took on the high-risk challenge of circumnavigating the globe.
*
In the 1500s, Spain and Portugal were global powerhouses and bitter rivals.
Both nations were experts at exploring and trading by sea, and at fighting over the riches they found.
It was an opportune time for a man like Ferdinand Magellan - an expert sailor and even better fighter.
He took part in many voyages and battles for his native Portugal, earning a stellar reputation.
Magellan came up with a visionary plan to put his nation on top in the ongoing rivalry with Spain: Instead of sailing all the way around Africa to get to the trading lands of Asia, why not go the other way around the world?
Magellan thought if he could find a way past the new lands where Christopher Columbus had landed in Central and South America, he could open up fresh trade routes.
By doing this, he imagined, he could make his country - and himself - rich!
But the king of Portugal had just signed a treaty giving him power over the standard trade route around Africa.
He wasnt interested in a risky expedition into the unknown.
Even worse, Magellans enemies at court were spreading false stories, and the king stopped trusting him.
There was one risky step that Magellan could take to keep his dream alive: he could go to Spain.
The Spanish suspected Magellan of being a spy.
But the Spanish king was desperate to find a new path to Asia, and he took the chance of backing Magellans daring scheme.
Now all Ferdinand Magellan had to do was sail across the two biggest oceans on Earth, through uncharted waters, to the other side of the world!
Magellan set out with high hopes.
But shipwrecks, mutiny, disease, attacks by native tribes, powerful storms, and other disasters plagued him all along the way.
Finally, after weeks of hitting dead ends as he attempted to round the tip of South America, Ferdinand Magellan found a way through and sailed his battered fleet to success.
Much later, Magellan got caught up in a civil war in the Philippines and was killed in battle.
His deputy decided to press on, through Asian waters, around Africa, and back to Spain.
The sailors who survived became the first people to sail around the world!
Only eighteen sailors and one leaky boat from the fleet of 250 men and five ships made it home.
But, they proved Ferdinand Magellan had been right.
Today, the route around South America is called the Strait of Magellan after one of the bravest, most determined explorers in history.
~ ~ ~
* Florence Nightingale Florence Nightingale{{{1
# [Florence Nightingale](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2e4c8504.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2e4c8504.jpg)
### Eschewing the upper-class British life into which shed been born, Florence Nightingale became a nurse on the front lines of war, advocated for improved sanitation in hospitals, and started the worlds first official training program for nurses.
*
A woman born into a wealthy, upper-class British home in the early 1800s was supposed to do just one thing: become the wife of a wealthy, upper-class man.
But, Florence Nightingale had other ideas.
Her father had taught her advanced mathematics, so young Florence knew she had a good brain.
To Florence, the comfortable lives of the wealthy women around her seemed shallow.
She felt she was destined for something more worthwhile.
At age seventeen, Florence announced that she had found her calling in life - she wanted to become a nurse.
Her mother and sister were horrified.
Wealthy young women of that time simply did not work, and certainly avoided all contact with the lower classes.
It took a lot of strength of character for Nightingale to go against the conventions of the day and the wishes of her family.
But she persisted, working hard to study nursing, and traveling around Europe and the Middle East to broaden her education.
Other wealthy English people thought she was eccentric or shameful, but the Crimean War changed everything and made Florence Nightingale a national heroine.
The war involving the British, Russian, French, and Ottoman empires created terrible conditions for wounded soldiers.
There was little medicine, a scarcity of trained doctors, and virtually no sanitation.
More soldiers were dying of diseases in the hospitals than were being killed on the battlefield.
Florence Nightingale led a group of volunteer nurses to the front lines in what is now Turkey.
The soldiers there described her as an angel, and nicknamed her The Lady with the Lamp due to her late-night visits to comfort the sick and dying.
The story of this wealthy woman who put aside riches and comfort to risk her life in filthy conditions became a national sensation in Britain, and inspired many people to follow her example.
After the war, Florence Nightingale used her skills in advanced mathematics to determine why so many soldiers had died.
She realized that sanitation was the key to saving lives, and began to campaign for cleaner conditions in hospitals.
She invented a new kind of pie chart, the Nightingale Rose Diagram, to prove her point to politicians and bureaucrats who didnt understand statistics.
Florence Nightingale took advantage of her newly acquired fame to raise funds and set up the worlds first official training program for nurses.
She is considered the founder of modern nursing.
~ ~ ~
* Galileo Galilei Galileo Galilei{{{1
# [Galileo Galilei](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4d75d00c.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4d75d00c.jpg)
### An astronomer, mathematician, inventor, and author, Galileo Galilei was a rebel genius in the 1600s who was sentenced as a heretic by the Catholic Church.
*
Hes been called the father of modern astronomy, the father of modern physics, even the father of all modern science, but Galileo Galilei (who is known by his first name only) was a rebel.
He did not set out to turn the science world and the Roman Catholic Church on their collective ears, but thats what happened.
The son of a musician in Italy, Galileo was a naturally curious man with a great gift for mathematics and invention.
When someone told him that a scientist in Holland thought it might be possible to use a tube with glass lenses to see far away, Galileo sat down and built the first modern telescope.
Sea captains and others loved his invention, but it was when Galileo turned one of his telescopes towards the sky that he began to get into trouble.
In the Europe of the early 1600s, the Catholic Church was the ultimate power.
People who questioned its version of the world risked being labeled heretics, and arrested, tortured, even killed.
The Church insisted that the Earth was the center of the universe and that the planets were perfect spheres, and anyone who tried to contradict these ideas was in great danger.
The problem was that Galileos telescope had shown him that the Churchs teachings on this matters was wrong.
Galileo proved that the Earth orbited around the Sun, not the other way around.
He found moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn, when the Church said everything was supposed to revolve around the Earth.
And Galileo even measured the mountains and valleys on the Moon, showing that it was not the perfect sphere the Church claimed it to be.
Galileo not only made these discoveries, he also published them in widely popular books that often made fun of the ignorance of his critics.
Even though he tried to tiptoe around the Churchs positions, everything Galileo did proved them wrong.
It was only a matter of time before Galileo was put on trial and sentenced as a heretic.
He spent the rest of his life under house arrest, and all of his books were banned.
A true scientist to the end, Galileo kept experimenting and writing in secret, even as an old man.
It was only long after his death, when there was so much proof that his findings could no longer be ignored, that Galileos work was fully recognized.
In 1992, the Catholic Church apologized and admitted he had been right.
~ ~ ~
* Gordon Lightfoot Gordon Lightfoot{{{1
# [Gordon Lightfoot](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b82dc16.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b82dc16.jpg)
### Singer, songwriter, and winner of sixteen Juno awards, Gordon Lightfoot is still writing and performing after more than fifty years in the business.
Looking at Gordon Lightfoots music career, you might assume his life has been a breeze.
After all, his singing talent was recognized when he was still a little boy in Orillia, Ontario, and he was already appearing on stage, radio, and television when he was a teenager.
Throughout the 1960s and 70s, Lightfoot had a string of hit songs (recorded by himself and other top stars who loved his song writing), and he broke records with his sold-out concerts at Torontos Massey Hall.
However, behind the scenes, Lightfoot struggled.
In 1972, at the height of his popularity, he suffered a serious illness - Bells palsy - that paralyzed part of his face.
For a singer and performer, this was a serious threat to his career.
He fought his way through the illness and regained his health, even while keeping up a heavy recording and touring schedule.
For the next thirty years, Gordon Lightfoot continued to record albums, perform concerts, and appear on television.
By 2002, he was no longer a superstar with number one hits, but he still had legions of fans and his performances attracted huge crowds.
Then, tragedy struck again during a tour in his hometown, when a major artery in Lightfoots stomach suddenly burst.
He was airlifted to a hospital by helicopter for emergency treatment to save his life.
It took five operations and a three-month hospital stay to get him out of danger.
Gordon Lightfoot refused to give up his life as an entertainer.
Against all odds, he made a comeback and by 2004, he was recording and touring again.
Even a stroke he suffered in 2007 that cost him the use of some of his fingers could not hold him back.
Lightfoot practiced tirelessly until he could play the guitar again, and then went back on the road.
After a music career of more than fifty years, Gordon Lightfoot is a member of several music halls of fame, winner of sixteen Juno Awards, and a Companion of the Order of Canada.
With more than 200 recordings to his credit, including several gold records, his fellow musicians consider him a song-writing legend.
Gordon Lightfoot has nothing left to prove, but he has an unending passion for writing and performing his music.
As of 2011, at age seventy-two, he is still recording and touring.
~ ~ ~
* Grandma Moses Grandma Moses{{{1
# [Grandma Moses](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6188d18e.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6188d18e.jpg)
### Although Grandma Moses didnt pick up a paint brush until she was seventy, she still had time to become world famous, with shows in the U.S., Europe, and Asia.
She continued painting for more than thirty years.
*
Very few artists are able to make a living from their art.
Even fewer become famous around the world, set attendance records when their work is displayed, and have their paintings hanging everywhere from the White House to European and Asian museums.
Only one artist has ever done all of that, despite the fact that she had no training and didnt even start painting until she was more than seventy years old!
The incredible story of Anna Grandma Moses sounds like a corny movie plot, but its all true.
The mother of ten children, Moses was a very active grandmother and great- grandmother, known in the little town of Hoosick Falls, New York for doing lovely embroidery.
But arthritis was making it more difficult for her to do her needlework, and she wanted to make a Christmas gift for her postman.
Moses decided to try painting him a picture instead.
The postman loved his painting, and Moses found that she enjoyed working with paint and canvas.
Soon she was painting all the time, and giving her artwork away to friends and relatives.
Anna Mosess paintings were so charming that other people wanted to buy them, so the woman who was about to take the art world by storm started selling her paintings for two to three dollars each.
Then, when Moses was seventy-eight years old, the miracle happened.
In 1938, an art collector just happened to be passing through Hoosick Falls and saw some of her paintings for sale in the local drug store.
He bought every one, tracked Anna Moses down, and then he bought every painting she had at home, too!
Within a year, three of her paintings were included in a show at the famous Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Galleries and collectors started talking about this amazing new artist who captured rural scenes and people in a delightful folk-art style.
It didnt take long for Grandma Moses, as everyone called her, to become famous.
Shows of her work were staged in major galleries and museums across the United States, and then in Europe and Asia.
Everywhere that her paintings were shown, record crowds came out to see them and buy them.
Grandmas Moses took it all in stride.
She said that starting a new career in your seventies and being active in your nineties just required a positive attitude.
Anna Moses kept painting right up to her death at age 101, producing more than 3,600 paintings.
~ ~ ~
* Gustavo Dudamel Gustavo Dudamel{{{1
# [Gustavo Dudamel](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_536232d5.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_536232d5.jpg)
### World-famous conductor Gustavo Dudamel, the lightning conductor, can turn a solid old symphony into molten lava. Today, he plans to recreate the successful youth orchestra program for street youth that helped him.
*
When it comes to classical music, Gustavo Dudamel is a total rock star.
At age thirty, he was (by far) the youngest conductor of a major orchestra anywhere in the world.
With his wild hair, all-consuming passion, and lively sense of humor, he is also one of the most popular.
Gustavo was a musical genius as a child, and began winning international conducting prizes when he was barely out of high school.
But what has always been extraordinary about Gustavo Dudamel is not only his talent, but the way he has chosen to use that gift to improve the world.
As of this writing, as well as being in his twelfth year as music director of the Venezuelan Simn Bolvar Youth Orchestra, Dudamel is also in his second season as music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra.
With his global reputation, he could have chosen to work with any orchestra in the world, but he chose the Los Angeles Philharmonic: and he did it for a very specific reason.
Dudamel, who came from a musical family in Venezuela, had his talent recognized and supported by El Sistema (The System) - a revolutionary music- training program in his home country that introduces poor kids, some of them street kids, to the discipline and self-esteem of great musicianship.
Recognizing how The System changed his life, Dudamel decided to introduce the program to the United States, and the hard streets of Los Angeles were a perfect place to start.
So, as part of his contract with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Gustavo Dudamel insisted on being given the money and time to start a youth orchestra.
The Youth Orchestra of Los Angeles gives poor and street youth a new focus in their lives and a new sense of accomplishment as they play to sold-out audiences at venues like the famous Hollywood Bowl.
As well, Dudamels vision of spreading the idea across the U.S. is beginning to be realized, with new community and city youth orchestras being formed in several American cities.
Dudamels long-term dream is to see The System become as popular in other countries as it is in Venezuela, where 600 youth orchestras help a quarter of a million children stay out of trouble, develop self-discipline, and learn to believe in themselves.
Gustavo Dudamel knows firsthand that music can help change the lives of children and youth, and improve the society they live in.
~ ~ ~
* Hayley Wickenheiser Hayley Wickenheiser{{{1
# [Hayley Wickenheiser](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2d4f5019.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2d4f5019.jpg)
### An amazing, record-breaking female hockey player, Hayley Wickenheisers love of hockey started when she was a young girl.
She proved to be not only passionate, but also highly skilled, determined, and tough.
*
Theres no doubt that Hayley Wickenheiser is the greatest female hockey player in the world.
The list of her accomplishments is remarkable.
She is the first woman ever to play full-time professional hockey (other than as goalie).
She has won three Olympic gold medals and a silver, and six golds and three silvers at the World Championships.
You could fill pages with all of her awards, medals, and records.
But all of this glory did not come easily.
Hayleys love of hockey started when she was just a few years old: as she was learning to skate she was already dreaming of becoming a hockey player.
Hayley not only had a knack for skating, she also had the spirit to keep practicing and keep pushing herself to improve.
Even with her remarkable natural talent, Hayley faced many challenges growing up as a female hockey player in rural Saskatchewan.
She played on boys teams until she was thirteen, and had to prove over and over that she was just as good, or better, than her teammates.
Hayleys formula for success was simple: she just worked harder than anyone else did.
Her dedication made her not only an award-winning player, but also an inspiring role model for other girls.
After becoming a star in womens amateur hockey and international tournaments, Hayley Wickenheiser turned her eyes toward the biggest prize yet - the professional leagues, where only men played.
She made her historic breakthrough in professional leagues in Europe.
Again, she had to out-work the men around her to be fast enough and strong enough to hold her own.
Playing there in 2003, Wickenheiser added another remarkable credit to her career - becoming the first woman to score a professional hockey goal.
Back home in Canada, she is a national hero - captain of the Olympic and national hockey teams, top goal scorer, most valuable player, and regular member of all-star squads.
But its not just her accomplishments that make her a star - its also her attitude.
Sports Illustrated magazine has named Hayley Wickenheiser one of the Twenty-Five Toughest Athletes Ever. Shes living proof of how hard work and determination, combined with talent, can make you the best in the world.
~ ~ ~
* Hazel McCallion Hazel McCallion{{{1
# [Hazel McCallion](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5bbbc940.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5bbbc940.jpg)
### Not only has Hazel McCallion been the highly popular mayor of Mississauga for an unheard-of thirty-three years, in the most recent election, she received more than seventy-five percent of the votes.
*
A lot of things have changed in Mississauga, Ontario since 1978.
It has grown from a collection of small towns and villages to the sixth-largest city in Canada.
But one thing has not changed since 1978 - Hazel McCallion is still the mayor!
After more than three decades, she is one of the longest-serving and most popular politicians Canada has ever known.
Hazel was born to a poor family in rural Quebec that couldnt afford to send their bright daughter to university.
She became a secretary instead, determined to earn her own way.
Hazel didnt mind hard work and was ready to make the best of any challenge.
After being transferred to a job in Toronto, Hazel married a man shed met at church, and one of their wedding presents changed her life - and Canadian politics - forever.
The present was a small plot of land in a little town called Streetsville, not far from Toronto.
At the time that Hazel McCallion and her husband settled in Streetsville, the area was growing rapidly.
Together, they started a small newspaper and became involved in local issues.
It wasnt long before McCallion, with her keen mind and tremendous energy, was a real force in local politics.
By the time that Streetsville and other towns in the area were put together to form the new city of Mississauga, Hazel McCallion was ready to run for mayor.
She not only won that first election, she has won every single election since - a remarkable string of twelve consecutive elections.
McCallion became so popular that she really didnt need to campaign, and she asked people to donate money to charity rather than to her election fund!
Running the city - in her words - like a business has made Mississauga one of the few debt-free cities in Canada.
Her effective management and plainspoken style has kept voters loyal to her for over thirty-three years.
In the most recent election - in 2010 - she received more than three quarters of the votes.
Over the years, McCallion has been called a heroine for her roles in safely evacuating the city after a massive train derailment and explosion in 1979, for talking down an armed man in 2006, and for her relentless work in getting more funding and jobs for her city.
While her strong personality has at times gotten her into trouble and earned her the nickname Hurricane Hazel, the Mississauga mayor has also been honored with the Order of Canada and voted as one of the top mayors in the world.
~ ~ ~
* Helen Keller Helen Keller{{{1
# [Helen Keller](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69d97900.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69d97900.jpg)
### Although blind and deaf, Helen Keller became a scholar, author, speaker, advocate for social justice, and one of the founders of the American Civil Liberties Union.
*
We all admire those who go on to lead productive lives after being struck blind or deaf in early life - but what can we say about Helen Keller, who was left both blind and deaf after a childhood illness, but went on to become one of the most famous writers, activists, and public speakers of her day?
Helen Keller was born in 1880, long before the arrival of the technology and training that can help blind and deaf people today.
She was trapped in a private world, unable to communicate or understand the world around her.
Helens family turned to an expert on helping the deaf - Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone.
He recommended a special school where highly trained teachers could be hired to help girls like Helen.
And thats how Anne Sullivan came into Helens life.
Sullivan began to teach Helen words by tracing symbols on the girls hand.
Helen didnt understand at first, but one day when Sullivan poured some water on Helens hand and then traced the letters for water, the young girl made the connection.
Thats when Helens remarkable brain and determination kicked in.
Once she realized that there was a way of communicating with others, she learned at an incredible rate.
From simple words to complicated ideas, Helen Keller absorbed knowledge like a sponge.
Accompanied by the loyal Anne Sullivan, Keller went to school and soon excelled as a student.
She was even accepted by a top university and became the first deaf and blind person to ever earn a bachelor of arts degree.
But that was just the start.
She was now reading Braille in several languages, and became very interested in politics and social issues.
Despite her challenges, Keller set out to make a difference in the world.
Soon she was deeply involved in many issues - voting rights for women, better treatment for the disabled, anti-war campaigns, and social justice.
She wrote salient letters to newspapers, gave rousing speeches, wrote bestselling books, came up with all kinds of ideas and slogans, and even helped found the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
She was like a whirlwind!
Helen Kellers brilliant mind and inspiring story won her many fans and a high profile worldwide.
She was friends with people like author Mark Twain, and met with every American president who served during her lifetime.
Above all, she inspired others not to let physical challenges stand in the way of achieving their full potentials.
~ ~ ~
* J. K. Rowling J. K. Rowling{{{1
# [J. K. Rowling](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m752394ad.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m752394ad.jpg)
### J. K. Rowling planned out her entire book series before she started writing the first one - by hand.
Twelve publishers are probably still cursing because they rejected her first Harry Potter book, convinced it was far too long for children and would never sell.
*
She is worth more than a billion dollars, has been named one of the most influential people in the world, and holds the record for the fastest-selling books in history.
But when J. K. Rowling first set out to write her books about a boy wizard named Harry Potter, no one could possibly have guessed how successful she would be.
In fact, Joanne Rowling (her real name) was having a hard time, and had to fight against tremendous odds to achieve her vision.
Rowling says she came up with the Harry Potter idea while riding on a train that was delayed.
By the time it got to the station, she had the whole series of books plotted out in her mind!
She started writing right away, but then life threw her a series of curves.
Following the death of her mother after a long battle with multiple sclerosis, Rowling took a job teaching in Portugal.
She got married and had a baby there, but after a divorce she moved back to Britain.
Three years later, she still had not finished her first Harry Potter book.
She was a single, unemployed mother, living on welfare.
But J. K. Rowling still believed in her idea.
She would take her baby for long walks to put her to sleep, and then sit writing her book in cafes.
She finally finished the manuscript and typed it up on an old manual typewriter.
The first twelve publishers turned her down.
Number thirteen said, Yes - mainly because the little girl of the companys chairperson loved the book - but warned Rowling to get a job because she would not make much money from a childrens book.
Once Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone was published, however, the book won a raft of awards and began selling at an incredible pace.
Every book in the series sold more than the last, with the last four books all setting world records for the fastest sale of a million copies.
All told, the Harry Potter series has sold 400 million copies in sixty-five languages, sparked a series of highly successful movies, and made J. K. Rowling one of the wealthiest authors in the world.
Rowling remembers her own struggles and gives millions of dollars a year to charities, including those that focus on poverty and on multiple sclerosis.
She is also president of a charity that supports single parents.
~ ~ ~
* Jacques Cousteau Jacques Cousteau{{{1
# [Jacques Cousteau](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_622dd066.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_622dd066.jpg)
### Famous for his award-winning underwater films, television shows, and books that gave the world a view of life under the ocean, ecologist Jacques Cousteau was also a talented inventor and dedicated environmental activist.
Naval officer, explorer, ecologist, filmmaker, innovator, scientist, photographer, author, researcher .
.
.
you could go on for pages about all of the things Jacques Cousteau did with his remarkable life!
Many people outside France dont know that Costeau was a war hero; he led daring commando operations inside occupied France during World War II.
And many may not know that he helped invent the modern aqualung - the SCUBA system thats used around the world.
Most people remember Jacques Cousteau for his amazing films, television shows, and books about the ocean.
On board his ship Calypso, Cousteau and his crew traveled the world to film their documentaries about the life that teems beneath the surface of the water.
In the 1950s and 60s, Cousteaus films marked the first time the majority of people had ever seen footage of undersea life in its natural state.
And it was the first time that the general public heard about the dangers of pollution, overfishing, habitat destruction, and other threats to the natural world.
Jacques Cousteau is credited with being one of the first popular ecologists, inspiring a whole generation of young people to be more aware of their environment.
His long career (Cousteau lived to age eighty-seven) contained many other amazing achievements:
\- The first underwater archaeology operation using autonomous diving;
\- Discovering how porpoises use natural sonar to guide themselves;
\- Winning the top prize at the world-famous Cannes Film Festival for his documentary The Silent World;
Organizing a successful campaign to stop the dumping of nuclear waste in the oceans; and Winning a long list of awards and medals from grateful nations and organizations around the world.
Through more than 120 television documentaries and fifty books, Cousteau helped make science and nature popular topics for everyday people, and he left a legacy that carries on his work.
The Cousteau Society he founded to protect the environment now has 300,000 members.
As rich and famous as he became, Jacques Cousteau always said he was just a man trying to do his bit to help the world.
It takes generosity to discover the whole through others, he said.
If you realize you are only a violin, you can open yourself up to the world by playing your role in the concert.
~ ~ ~
* Jean Vanier Jean Vanier{{{1
# [Jean Vanier](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7856b30d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7856b30d.jpg)
### Jean Vaniers belief that people with developmental disabilities should live in communities rather than in isolation from them launched an international movement - LArche - that has now spread to thirty countries.
*
When he was just thirteen, Jean Vanier set out to become a naval officer and could have had a very successful career.
But as a young man, he felt something greater was calling him.
He quit the navy and began a search for meaning in his life, believing that God had a plan for him.
As the son of one of Canadas governor generals, Vanier grew up with a life of privilege.
But when he became friends with a priest in France who worked with the developmentally disabled, he was exposed to another world - a world where people were rejected, feared, or ignored because of their mental disabilities.
Vanier felt God wanted him to do something to address this form of prejudice.
So Vanier bought an old farmhouse, named it LArche (French for Noahs Ark), and invited two developmentally disabled men to come and live with him in a real home.
Without knowing it, Jean Vanier had started an international movement.
There are now more than 130 LArche communities in thirty countries around the world.
That didnt happen overnight or by itself.
Vanier traveled the globe, spreading his message that the mentally disabled would be better off living in communities instead of institutions - and that all of us would be better off if we shared our lives with people who challenge our way of thinking, and show us different perspectives.
We are all broken in different ways, says Vanier - meaning that we all have difficulty dealing with certain issues or seeing ourselves as we really are.
He believes living with the mentally disabled helps people deal with their own issues, learn compassion, and become better human beings.
For more than forty years, Jean Vanier has crisscrossed the world to inspire others to follow his example.
Besides the LArche communities, he has helped found other organizations to help people with developmental disabilities and their families through faith and community support, and he has written more than twenty books explaining his life and philosophy.
While Vanier has been honored by governments and popes, and has received countless awards and medals, he continues to live in the original LArche community in France, sharing his life with the disabled individuals and fellow volunteers he calls his friends.
~ ~ ~
* John F. Kennedy John F. Kennedy{{{1
# [John F. Kennedy](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1bef3c77.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1bef3c77.jpg)
### A young, dynamic, and well-loved president, JFK was passionate about ending racial discrimination in America, creating nuclear arms treaties with Russia, and landing astronauts on the moon.
He was assassinated before all of his visions were realized.
*
Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. That was the challenge that John F. Kennedy gave to his fellow Americans after being elected president of the United States in 1960.
Kennedy came from a wealthy and influential family, and attended the finest schools.
However, he was not a spoiled rich kid - he was a decorated war hero, and he became a strong and dynamic president.
One of the youngest presidents in American history, JFK (as he was often called) was handsome, vital, and full of dreams.
He wanted the United States to play a bigger role in the world, particularly by encouraging democracy and fighting poverty.
Kennedy spoke passionately about social justice in his own country, including an end to the ongoing racism against African-Americans.
And he had to fight with members of his own party over human rights issues.
JFK also had ambitions for the entire human race, stating that he wanted to see people landing on the moon within ten years.
As president, JFKs dreams faced many challenges, not the least of which was the tension between the U.S. and Russia that came to be known as the Cold War, leading to one crisis after another.
In 1962, Kennedy faced what is known as the Cuban Missile Crisis.
It was one of two major confrontations during the Cold War period, and is generally regarded as the moment in which the Cold War came closest to turning into a nuclear conflict.
As well, the United States was being drawn into the problems of Vietnam, which would lead to an unpopular war.
Through it all, Kennedy continued to challenge and inspire Americans to change the world.
Then, just three years after being elected, JFK was assassinated.
Americans were in shock; they could not believe their young and vital leader was dead.
In the face of tragedy, JFKs ambitious dreams lived on.
He had laid the groundwork for nuclear arms treaties with Russia, civil rights legislation that banned discrimination, and the Apollo space program that in 1969 landed the first human on the moon - just as JFK had dreamed.
Although historians recognize that Kennedy had to make a lot of compromises when it came to upholding his vision and principles, Americans remember him as a great leader and a man determined to help his country achieve greatness.
~ ~ ~
* Joseph Pulitzer Joseph Pulitzer{{{1
# [Joseph Pulitzer](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_580118d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_580118d.jpg)
### A journalist, investigative reporter, publisher, and advocate for freedom of the press, Joseph Pulitzer also started the first school of Journalism - at Columbia University - and created the famous Pulitzer Prizes for journalism and literature.
*
If Joseph Pulitzer had been born with better eyesight, or hadnt known how to play chess, our newspapers would not be the same today.
When he was a teenager in Hungary in the 1860s, Joseph decided to become a soldier, but his eyesight was so bad that no army would take him.
Finally, a recruiter from the United States signed him up to fight in the American Civil War.
After a year as a soldier, and having managed to survive the Civil War, Pulitzer stayed in America, working odd jobs and learning English.
Then, a chance meeting changed his life and changed the world of journalism forever.
As he was studying at the library in St. Louis, he saw two men playing chess.
He suggested a good move to one of them, and the three started up a conversation.
The two men were publishers of a newspaper, and they offered Pulitzer a job.
Joseph Pulitzer turned out to be a brilliant and hard-working reporter.
After a few years, he became publisher of the newspaper.
Then, after making one smart deal after another, he wound up owning the largest newspaper in the city - the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Thats when Pulitzers real genius came out.
He made his newspaper the voice of the common people, investigating gambling rackets, political corruption, and rich tax dodgers.
People loved this new, crusading style of journalism, and circulation soared.
Joseph Pulitzer kept working hard even after he had become very ill and his eyesight was nearly gone.
He believed that it was important for newspapers to serve a social purpose and help protect people from dishonesty and corruption.
After a few years, he was able to buy another newspaper, this time in New York, and bring his populist approach to an even larger audience.
In 1909, his New York paper broke the story of one of the biggest political scandals in American history - $40 million in illegal payments in the Panama Canal deal.
The U.S. government tried to sue him, but Pulitzer stood firm and won an important victory for freedom of the press.
Joseph Pulitzer willed part of his fortune to establish the worlds first school of journalism at New Yorks Columbia University.
He also set aside money for annual prizes for journalists and writers; today, winning one of the famous Pulitzer Prizes makes you a superstar among writers.
Although he fell into journalism by accident, Joseph Pulitzer set standards that newspapers still strive to attain today.
~ ~ ~
* Laura Secord Laura Secord{{{1
# [Laura Secord](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_ma86b6c0.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_ma86b6c0.jpg)
### In the early 1800s, when Laura Secord overheard American soldiers planning a sneak attack on a British/Canadian outpost, she traveled by foot through woods, fields, and rivers in enemy territory to warn the unsuspecting British and Canadian soldiers.
*
The United States was still a British colony when Laura Secord was born there in 1775.
A year later, the United States rebelled against Britain in the War of Independence.
But some Americans, like Lauras father, stayed loyal to Britain and fought against the rebels.
Like many other Loyalists, he later moved his family to Canada, where the British still ruled.
They settled in the Niagara Peninsula, near Niagara Falls and the American border.
At that time, there was still a lot of tension between Canadians and Americans.
Then in 1812, Britain and the United States went to war again, and this time the Americans tried to invade Canada.
Laura Secords husband was seriously wounded in one of the early battles of that war, at nearby Queenston Heights.
She rushed to the battlefield, rescued him, and brought him home.
That was just the first example on record of her remarkable courage.
A year later, the war was turning into a seesaw struggle, with both sides trying to control the Niagara area.
The Americans had taken over Secords neighborhood, and American officers would show up at her home demanding to be fed.
Apparently it was during one of these meals that Secord overheard them talking about their next military strategy - a surprise attack on a British/Canadian outpost twelve miles away.
With her disabled husband unable to help, it was up to Secord.
Did this petite, delicate-looking woman have the courage to sneak through enemy-held territory with her secret information?
It turned out that she had not only the courage, but also the smarts and determination to achieve her goal.
Secord avoided American sentries on the roads by cutting through the woods, crossing rivers and fields on foot, without a map: ultimately covering more than twenty miles to reach her destination.
It took her all day and she arrived exhausted, but Laura Secord arrived in time.
When the Americans attacked the next day, they didnt have a chance - the British and Canadian soldiers were waiting for them.
Laura Secord received no official thanks or recognition for her brave act until she was eighty-five years old, but today there are monuments in her honor, and history books credit her with helping Canada win the War of 1812.
~ ~ ~
* Louis Braille Louis Braille{{{1
# [Louis Braille](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m705e1dc0.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m705e1dc0.jpg)
### Blind from age three, Louis Braille learned to read at a school for the blind in Paris where, at that time, books for the blind could weigh as much as a hundred pounds!
Inspired by the indented dots on dice, he invented the Braille system of reading and writing.
*
In 1812, a three-year-old boy was playing in his fathers leather workshop in Coupvray, France when he had an accident that would change the world.
Louis Braille accidentally poked himself in the eye with an awl: The metal point blinded him in one eye and an infection soon left him totally blind.
Louis was a bright boy and won a scholarship to a school for the blind in Paris.
It was not a particularly nice place; students were often fed bread and water and locked up for punishment.
Louis and the other blind children were taught various skills (Louis became expert at playing the organ and cello), and they were taught to read.
At that time, books for the blind used raised letters with metal wires under the paper, and some of the books weighed one hundred pounds!
One day, a soldier visited the school and talked about a code system that he had invented in the French army.
It used raised dots and dashes on a piece of paper to allow soldiers to send each other messages in the dark while remaining silent.
Louis and the other children found the system too confusing, but the basic idea stuck in the boys head.
He began experimenting with different ways of creating a language using raised dots on paper - and for this, he used the same awl that had blinded him!
One day, Louis Braille happened to pick up a pair of dice and feel the six dots on one side.
Thats when inspiration struck him.
He soon developed a code for each letter of the alphabet, with numbers and symbols like periods and question marks, all using no more than six dots.
One great advantage of his system was that you could read each letter or symbol using the tip of your finger.
With practice, a reader could run his finger along a line and read very quickly.
The other big plus was that blind people using Brailles system could write as well as read.
His system opened up a whole new world!
It took many years for the Braille system to take off, and its popularity was still spreading when Louis died in 1852\.
Not many people can say that they invented an entire new system of reading and writing, but Louis Braille did.
Whats more, his system was adopted around the world, and today is available in virtually every language that humans speak.
~ ~ ~
* Louis Pasteur Louis Pasteur{{{1
# [Louis Pasteur](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6bd49a9b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6bd49a9b.jpg)
### Louis Pasteurs germ theory was a breakthrough in medicine.
He then went on to figure out how to prevent diseases by creating vaccines for cholera, smallpox, anthrax and rabies, and by developing a food-purification method called pasteurization.
*
Back in the 1800s, people typically did not live long and healthy lives.
Serious illness was very common, and people often died young.
French chemistry professor Louis Pasteur and his wife had five children, and three of them died in childhood of typhoid (a disease caused by drinking water tainted with bacteria).
Unlike most people who simply accepted that the death of children was something that happened in most families, Pasteur made a vow to find out how illnesses like this worked, and to find a way to stop them.
At that time, there was a big debate in the medical profession about where illnesses came from: many people believed that bad particles just created themselves out of nowhere.
Pasteur helped prove once and for all that these particles \- or germs - were carried in the air and would grow and multiply where they landed.
His findings led to ideas that seemed revolutionary then, like doctors washing their hands before operating on patients!
His germ theory alone would make Pasteur a great figure in science, but his work was only half done.
Now that he had shown where diseases came from, he set out to discover how to prevent the diseases, and cure them.
In the course of experimenting with chickens and deliberately giving them cholera, Pasteur discovered that cholera bacteria that had been left to grow old and weak would not make the birds very sick; in fact, injections made the chickens immune to fresh cholera bacteria for the rest of their lives.
Pasteur had just invented the modern vaccine.
Louis Pasteur went on to create vaccines for other common diseases of the day, like anthrax, smallpox, and rabies.
He was hailed as a hero for saving countless lives and preventing untold misery.
But Pasteur made another discovery - one that has made him a household name to this very day.
He found that when milk and other foods went bad, it was because of the bacteria and mold that had begun to grow in them.
Most importantly, he proved that heating up the food would kill most of these microorganisms.
The process he developed for making food safer is called pasteurization, and today youll find pasteurized milk, cheese, and other products in homes around the world.
Louis Pasteur kept his vow on behalf of his children, and saved innumerable families the death and pain that his family had suffered.
~ ~ ~
* Malcolm Gladwell Malcolm Gladwell{{{1
# [Malcolm Gladwell](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_713f951.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_713f951.jpg)
### Malcolm Gladwells first book, The Tipping Point, created a sensation: It contained original thinking with huge practical applications.
He followed that book with others that were equally creative, and just as successful.
*
Little things can make a big difference. Trust your gut and follow your instincts. Success usually comes down to hard work and learning from what other people have already done.
These familiar sayings are a lot more than just words to Malcolm Gladwell.
He has written a number of internationally bestselling books that use science and statistics to prove why such simple sayings are true.
Gladwell, who was born in England but raised in Canada, has been a newspaper and magazine writer for many years, but his books have made him famous.
His first book, The Tipping Point, demonstrates how small ideas and trends can build up into a huge force.
A catchy idea that gets out at the right time to well-connected people can literally change the world.
Using concrete examples, he shows how some products and brands get to be famous, seemingly overnight, and how we can use this same method to make important social issues into the topics everyone is talking about.
In his second book, Blink, Gladwell writes about our minds, and about how quickly our subconscious is able make good decisions.
In other words, our so- called gut instincts (the thoughts and emotions we have without consciously thinking about them) are usually reliable.
He also says that if you work at learning and practicing how to do something, you can tap the power of your subconscious to do it automatically - quickly and effectively.
In his third book, Outliers, Gladwell explains that while the extraordinary people we see changing the world have often had lucky breaks, we can nevertheless achieve amazing success by taking advantage of our opportunities and simply putting in the effort.
He demonstrates, through examples, that success usually comes after a long history of work by many people, each of them building on what others have done before - and he points out that we can all be part of that chain.
Malcolm Gladwell wants his work to inspire people.
He states, If you work hard enough and assert yourself, and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires. The working hard part is the key: Practice isnt the thing you do once youre good; its the thing that makes you good.
Through his books, Gladwell has done what he advises other people to do - use ones ideas and efforts to make positive changes.
Time magazine has named him one of the one hundred most influential people in the world.
~ ~ ~
* Marie Curie Marie Curie{{{1
# [Marie Curie](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1e6778de.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1e6778de.jpg)
### You must be an exceedingly clever scientist to win a Nobel Prize in chemistry or physics.
There is one person who won a Nobel Prize in both of these sciences.
Whats more, she was a woman and she lived in an era when women were definitely not taken seriously in the world of science.
*
Marie was born in Poland in 1867 to a family of famous teachers, and seemed set to have an easy life.
But her mother and sister both died when she was a little girl, and her family lost all their money supporting Polish independence groups.
As a teenager and young adult, Marie, who was extremely intelligent, had to take whatever kind of work she could get in order to put herself through school.
She worked as a governess, teaching the children of a rich family, and fell in love with their son.
The family would not let him marry this penniless woman, and Marie was out of a job again.
She finally moved to Paris, where her sister was living, and where some of the best universities could be found.
Marie lived in a bare attic, tutoring at night, going to university in the day, and barely making ends meet.
Her luck changed when she met another science student named Pierre Curie.
They married and set up a laboratory together; they both loved science so much that they hardly ever left their lab.
Now Marie Curies brilliance had a chance to shine.
She began looking at radioactivity, which had just been discovered, and set up innovative experiments that proved how radiation came from atoms.
It was an enormous breakthrough, and she was still just a student.
In the years to come, she and her husband made more discoveries - including the important fact that uranium is not the only radioactive mineral.
In fact, Marie Curie discovered a previously unknown mineral that she named polonium in honor of her native Poland.
Although women were not taken seriously in the world of science in the late 1800s, no one could ignore the important discoveries that Marie Curie was making.
She and her husband shared the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1903, making her the first woman to ever receive this prestigious award.
Then, in 1911, she won her second Nobel Prize, this one for Chemistry.
Marie Curie became the most famous woman scientist of all time, but all of those years working with radiation took their toll.
She died of anemia brought on by radiation poisoning when she was sixty-six.
~ ~ ~
* Martin Luther King, Jr. Martin Luther King, Jr.{{{1
# [Martin Luther King, Jr.](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5a2cec6b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5a2cec6b.jpg)
### Martin Luther King, Jr., highly intelligent, well educated, and a believer in the philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi, was the voice of the civil rights movement in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s.
*
I have a dream, announced Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. in his most famous speech.
His dream was that one day all people would be treated equally, regardless of their race, color, or religion.
It was a dream to which he dedicated his life, and it ultimately led to his murder.
Martin Luther King, Jr. was a highly intelligent young man, and skipped several grades in school before getting three university degrees and becoming a preacher at age twenty-five.
The year was 1954, and the civil rights movement was just gaining steam in the United States.
As his fellow African-Americans were beaten or even killed for daring to try to vote or to aspire to the same rights as white people, King became deeply involved in the civil rights movement.
In 1955, he led a boycott of the bus system in Montgomery, Alabama - one of many public transportation systems that required black people to sit at the back and give their seats up for white people.
Dr. King helped organize other religious leaders into a powerful, united voice that opposed racial discrimination, and demanded equal rights and justice.
He adopted the philosophy of the great civil rights leader Mahatma Gandhi, who taught that the way to oppose violence was with non-violence, and that quiet, peaceful protests would accomplish more than fighting.
This was not easy to do, since protestors were often violently attacked by police, and many civil rights workers were murdered for their efforts to fight racism.
At marches, sit-ins, boycotts, and other nonviolent protests, Dr. King would give impassioned speeches.
His calls for justice and equality were so powerful that he inspired many Americans, both black and white, to join his cause.
His greatest moment came at a huge march in Washington, D.C. in 1963, where his I have a dream speech electrified the whole nation.
In 1964, the United States finally passed a civil rights law, and Dr. King won the Nobel Peace Prize for his part in that victory.
Although Dr. King continued to receive death threats, he kept on fighting for social justice.
During his last speech, in 1968, he assured the crowd that black Americans would reach the promised land of equality .
.
.but that he might not get there with them.
The very next day, Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated.
He is remembered as the greatest hero of the American civil rights movement.
~ ~ ~
* Martti Ahtisaari Martti Ahtisaari{{{1
# [Martti Ahtisaari](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7fbb5b0d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7fbb5b0d.jpg)
### On the basis of his reputation as an avid peacemaker who had been sent by the United Nations to many parts of the globe to help resolve conflicts and support international peace efforts, Martti Ahtisaari was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008.
*
Catholics and Protestants fighting in Northern Ireland .
.
.
tensions between Kosovo and Serbia in Central Europe .
.
.
battles between nations and tribes in Africa .
.
.
bloodshed in Indonesia - all of these conflicts have one thing in common - in each case, the opposing sides were brought closer to peace by the same man: Martti Ahtisaari.
Who would have thought that Martti was destined to be a global peacemaker when he was born in a small village in Finland just before World War II?
But as a young man, Martti showed a special talent for languages and for teaching - he seemed to be able to reach out to people and help them understand things.
When he took a teaching job in Pakistan, giving English lessons and helping train other teachers, Martti Ahtisaaris eyes were opened to the power of nations to help one another.
Upon returning to Finland, he started working for the government, first helping diplomats, and then becoming one himself.
That was when Ahtisaaris ability to speak five languages and his capacity to see all sides of an issue really began to shine.
Soon, he was traveling the world, helping to support international peace efforts.
At first, he represented his home nation of Finland, but the United Nations soon recognized his talents and sent him to many parts of the world to help resolve conflicts.
Ahtisaaris work was challenging and sometimes dangerous; he often had to persuade armed and angry groups to calm down enough to talk to one another.
On one mission in South Africa, he narrowly escaped being attacked by government agents.
At one point, he turned from peacemaker to politician and was elected president of Finland for six years.
He used his position to work with other nations and urge more international cooperation.
Since then, Martti Ahtisaari has continued to work tirelessly for peace, and has created a non-profit group dedicated to ending conflict.
In recognition of his success in helping to end violence and to get opposing groups talking, he has been given many major awards.
In 2008, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts in resolving international conflicts.
Ahtisaari likes to point out that conflict is part of everyday life, but so are mediation and the desire for peace.
It just depends, he says, on which path you choose to follow.
~ ~ ~
* Mattie Stepanek Mattie Stepanek{{{1
# [Mattie Stepanek](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m68415995.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m68415995.jpg)
### Mattie Stepanek was a remarkable child who wrote inspirational poetry, raised funds for muscular dystrophy, and was an advocate and fundraiser for children with disabilities and for world peace.
*
Becoming an internationally known peace advocate at a young age is impressive.
Having seven books on the bestseller list is even more remarkable.
Doing all of that before the age of fourteen is nothing short of amazing!
Mattie Stepanek did all of that and more - and who knows how much more he could have done if he had lived past his teenage years.
Mattie was born with a rare form of muscular dystrophy, a disease that also killed his sister and two brothers in early childhood.
In Matties case, he was a month short of his fourteenth birthday when he died.
In his few years of life, Mattie made a bigger impact than most people do in an extended lifetime.
Although he knew his time on Earth was going to be limited, Mattie was determined to keep a positive and hopeful attitude.
He began writing inspirational poetry when he was three years old to help him cope with his brothers deaths.
The poems were so beautiful that his mother sent them to a publisher.
That book, and six more collections of poems and essays by Mattie, became bestsellers and brought comfort to millions of readers.
All of Matties writing was based on his belief that each of us has a heart song - a special gift that we can give to others, and that this gift is the reason we were born.
Mattie used the fame he earned from the success of his poetry to help raise funds for fighting muscular dystrophy, and to become an advocate for world peace and for aid for children with disabilities.
He made a wide circle of friends and supporters, including Oprah Winfrey and country singer Billy Gilman.
Although he had such a short life, Matties beliefs and work live on after him.
The many foundations and programs dedicated to his memory have helped literally millions of people around the world through scholarships and programs for peace.
His poetry has been set to music and performed at major concert halls.
There are peace gardens, exhibits, and statues commemorating his life and his philosophy that all the world needs is just peace.
At Matties funeral, former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said that he had met kings and queens, presidents and prime ministers, but that the most remarkable person he had ever met in his life was Mattie Stepanek.
~ ~ ~
* Maude Abbott Maude Abbott{{{1
# [Maude Abbott](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_68cbdaea.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_68cbdaea.jpg)
### Maude Abbott wanted to become a doctor at a time when women were not allowed to study medicine.
Eventually, she became not only a doctor but also a world-renowned expert on heart disease.
*
In the late 1800s, women in Canada were supposed to become wives and mothers.
A few might be nurses or primary school teachers, but most careers were closed to them simply because of their gender.
This kind of sexism was common around the world.
Things were just starting to change when Maude Abbott was born in Quebec in 1869, only two years after Confederation.
Although she came from a famous family (her cousin, James Abbott, became prime minister), Maude had a difficult childhood.
First her father abandoned the family and then her mother died, and she was raised by her grandparents.
Maude was a very bright girl who dared to dream of achieving something more than a traditional role.
She wanted to become a doctor.
However, although she was admitted to university (she was part of only the third class of women at McGill University), Maude Abbott was not allowed to study medicine because she was a woman.
Eventually, she found a school that would let her earn her medical degree.
Then, she went on to study in Europe.
With all of that education and her powerful brain, Maude Abbott became more than just a doctor - she became a medical genius!
Back in Canada, Dr. Abbott published the first of more than 140 books and papers, most of them on heart disease.
Eventually, she was recognized as a world expert in her field.
At that point, McGill University accepted her, giving her an honorary medical degree and a job as a professor.
She set up their medical museum, which became an important research center.
Dr. Abbott had to fight hard to earn recognition, and she wanted other women to be treated more fairly.
She helped found the Federation of Medical Women of Canada to support and encourage women in medicine.
She spent so much time helping others, and had so much energy to give, that she became known by the nickname The Beneficent Tornado.
To this day, Dr. Maude Abbott is still helping young women and all medical students - through her books, the McGill museum, and the scholarships awarded in her name.
She was a medical pioneer and a giant in the field of heart disease, but it is her generous spirit as much as her accomplishments that keep her memory alive today.
~ ~ ~
* Maya Angelou Maya Angelou{{{1
# [Maya Angelou](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a93e37.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a93e37.jpg)
### Though her life as a child and teenager was dark and difficult, Maya Angelou emerged to become a world-renowned writer as well as a poet, dancer, singer, songwriter, film director, and activist.
*
Maya Angelou has a straightforward philosophy of life: If you dont like something, change it.
If you cant change it, change your attitude.
You can see the results of that thinking in the remarkable path of her life, which has taken her from a childhood of abuse and broken homes, through teenage years marked by prostitution and crime, to her current life as one of the most respected writers in the world.
Maya Angelou was almost lost for good during the early, dark times of her life.
She was sexually abused by her mothers boyfriend at age eight and although she had the courage to speak out, her attacker served only one day in jail.
He was later found murdered, and Maya suspected her own family had killed the man.
The young girl blamed the power of her voice for ending a life, and refused to speak for nearly five years!
This and other tragedies left Angelou a frightened and bitter young woman.
She might have sunk into a desperate life of crime for good if it were not for one person - a teacher who introduced her to great books.
Angelou devoured Shakespeare, Dickens, and other classic authors works, and discovered a love of language and ideas.
It renewed her faith in herself and the world, and set her on the path to making the most of her life.
She determined to improve the world around her, and to improve herself along the way.
With her strong will and work ethic, Maya Angelou succeeded everywhere - touring the world as a dancer, starring on Broadway as a singer, editing newspapers and magazines, writing songs and composing scores for movies, being nominated for a Pulitzer Prize for her poetry, and becoming the first black woman in the United States to have a screenplay produced and to direct a major film.
Maya Angelou is also a bestselling author.
Her autobiographical books, including I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, have won critical acclaim around the world.
Along the way, Angelou has lived up to her philosophy of trying to bring about positive change in the world.
She played a major role in the civil rights movement in the United States, and has dedicated much of her life to fighting racism through education and political involvement.
Maya Angelou changed her attitude as a teenager, and she has since changed the world.
~ ~ ~
* Michael Jordan Michael Jordan{{{1
# [Michael Jordan](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_30c99573.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_30c99573.jpg)
### Although he was already an outstanding athlete, in Grade 10 Michael Jordan was told he wouldnt be picked for the varsity basketball team - and would never make it as a college or professional player - because he was too short.
*
It now seems incredible that anyone ever told the boy who would become the greatest basketball player in history that he was never going to make it as a professional, but that is exactly what happened to the legendary Michael Jordan.
Today, Jordan is described by most experts as the best player to ever pick up a basketball.
His list of awards, records, scoring titles, most-valuable- player trophies, Olympic gold medals, NBA championships, and other honors goes on for several pages.
When the TV sports channel ESPN conducted a poll of sports journalists, they voted Michael Jordan the number one athlete in any sport of the past one hundred years!
Yet in high school, Jordan couldnt even make the varsity basketball team.
He was already an outstanding athlete in basketball, football, and baseball, but when he tried out for the senior basketball team in Grade 10, the coaches told him he was simply too short.
He was told that, at 5 11 (183 cm), he was never going to make it as a college or professional player.
Some people might have taken that judgment to heart and lost their self- confidence, but Michael Jordan took it as a challenge, and decided he would prove the coaches wrong.
He took his dedication to the sport to the next level, practicing and working out in every spare moment.
In Grade 11, Michael was on the basketball team.
In Grade 12, he was named one of the best high school basketball players in the United States.
As a star player in university, Michael Jordan had another turning point in his life when he scored the winning basket at the last second in a U.S. college championship game.
That boost to his self-esteem never faded, and Jordan says he has never doubted himself since then.
Going on to win more championships at the college and professional levels, and setting records that may never be broken, Michael Jordan traces much of his success back to the lesson he learned in high school - when someone tells you that you cant accomplish something, it simply means that you have to try harder.
~ ~ ~
* Michael Faraday Michael Faraday{{{1
# [Michael Faraday](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_dda3a59.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_dda3a59.jpg)
### The son of a blacksmith, born in England in 1791, Michael Faraday was a self-educated genius with a passion for science and invention.
*
The great genius Albert Einstein used to keep three photographs on his desk: one of Sir Isaac Newton (who discovered gravity);one of James Maxwell (who proved how electricity, magnetism, and light are all related) and one of Michael Faraday.
Thats pretty good company for the son of a blacksmith who had virtually no education.
Michael didnt have much hope of a decent schooling: boys from the lower classes in England in the 1700s went to work, not school.
But bright young Michael caught a lucky break when he was apprenticed to a book dealer, and was allowed to read as much as he wanted.
Even though he was self-educated, it was obvious that Michael was highly intelligent.
He started going to lectures by a famous chemist, Humphry Davy, and wrote a 300-page book based on Davys ideas!
The great scientist was flattered and ended up hiring Faraday as an assistant.
In those days, a lower-class person like Michael Faraday was not considered a gentleman - on a trip to Europe, he had to act as Davys valet and live with the servants.
Although the odds were against him, and he was often treated unfairly by his social superiors, Faraday kept working hard and earning his way up the ladder of success.
In fact, he worked so hard and so brilliantly that his lower-class roots were eventually forgotten, and he became a giant of English science.
His discoveries about the nature of gases, how electricity and light interact, and other fundamental rules of chemistry and physics literally changed the world.
The electric motors used around the world today were made possible by Michael Faradays work.
The Bunsen burners you still find in modern laboratories were just one of his inventions.
But Faraday was also a dedicated public servant, and used his great intelligence to help build a better world.
He became an expert in preventing explosions in coal mines, in building lighthouses to keep ships safe, and in fighting the industrial pollution ruining Englands environment.
The only time he failed to help his country was when he was asked to help invent chemical weapons: the very religious Faraday refused to use his genius for war.
In old age, Michael Faraday was a national hero.
A grateful government gave him a free house and income for the rest of his life.
No wonder Albert Einstein looked up to him!
~ ~ ~
* Michael J.
Fox Michael J.
Fox{{{1
# [Michael J.
Fox](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m783db067.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m783db067.jpg)
### As a teenager, Canadian Michael J.
Fox became a Hollywood star and his acting career took off like a rocket.
But at the height of his career, though still young, he was struck down by Parkinsons disease.
*
When Michael J.
Fox wrote his memoir, he called the book Lucky Man.
Some people might have been surprised at that title.
After all, Fox was hit at an early age by Parkinsons disease - a brain disorder that usually affects older people.
As a result, he suffers from severe tremors and twitches, painful rigidity, and muscle spasms that get worse every year.
The disease pretty much destroyed his highly successful acting career.
But the full title of Foxs book says it all: it is Lucky Man: Adventures of an Incurable Optimist.
Fox looks at the bright side of everything, including his disease.
Its easy to see how Michael J.
Fox could have been an optimist when he was younger.
The Edmonton, Alberta native was only eighteen when his acting career took off and swept him to Hollywood.
After only a few small movie parts, Michael got the opportunity of a lifetime - a key role in a major new TV series, Family Ties.
As the character Alex Keaton, he became a major star.
That led to another huge break: the starring role in the Back to the Future films.
Soon, he was starring in everything from comedies to romances to action movies, not to mention more leading TV roles in series like Spin City.
He even provided the voice for the animated title character in the Stuart Little films.
In the middle of all of that success .
.
.
with money, fame, Emmy Awards and Golden Globes pouring in .
.
.
Michael J.
Fox learned that he had Parkinsons.
Within a few years, the disease was too severe for him to be able to hide the symptoms, and his high-flying career crashed down to earth.
While many people would have given in to anger or despair, Fox focused on the positive impact on his life, describing his condition as a gift - an opportunity, not a life sentence.
He quit drinking, got more involved with his family, and became a powerful advocate and fundraiser for Parkinsons research.
He formed a foundation to support research and fought against politicians who want to restrict it.
Now the whole focus of his life is finding a cure for Parkinsons.
Fox has told interviewers that his life has much more meaning and purpose now, and that he treasures every day.
For now, Parkinsons remains incurable, but so does the endless optimism of Michael J.
Fox.
~ ~ ~
* Michaelle Jean Michaelle Jean{{{1
# [Michaelle Jean](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m226dd4f8.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m226dd4f8.jpg)
### Michaelle Jean has had a variety of interesting roles in her life.
Compassionate and caring, she has always used them to support her advocacy for freedom, equality, and justice.
*
The year 1968 was a dangerous and frightening time to live in Haiti.
Dictator Franois Duvalier was jailing and torturing anyone who spoke out against his brutal government.
Many victims and their families tried to escape, and a lucky few made it to Canada.
Thats how a little girl named Michaelle Jean wound up in the small Quebec town of Thetford Mines.
She grew into a beautiful, well-educated woman who could speak half a dozen languages.
Although Jean now enjoyed a peaceful, prosperous life, she never forgot the suffering she had seen - her father tortured, poor people oppressed, women and children brutalized.
So Michaelle Jean worked at a womens shelter and with new immigrants to Canada, helping others improve their lives.
She began a successful career as a radio/TV broadcaster and filmmaker, and used her position there to shine a light on injustice and suffering around the world.
As she worked to build a network of womens shelters across Canada and write about the hardships of immigrant women, Jean used her remarkable brain, but led with her heart.
She became known for her sympathy for anyone fighting on the side of freedom and equality.
Then, in 2005, her reputation for caring and compassion led to an amazing opportunity; a chance to make an even bigger difference in the world.
It came in the form of an invitation from the Government of Canada, asking if Michaelle Jean \- the former immigrant girl from Haiti - would like to be the next governor general!
As the Queens official representative in Canada, she met world leaders, hosted important conferences, and traveled the globe as a spokesperson for the nation.
But most importantly, in this position Jean was able to lead and inspire others to follow her example.
As governor general, she dedicated herself to breaking down barriers - between French and English, black and white, rich and poor, east and west, north and south.
After her term as governor general came to an end, Michaelle Jean was chosen by the United Nations to be a special envoy for her homeland of Haiti, giving her a fresh opportunity to help tackle the challenges in that troubled country.
She continues to lead with her heart, lending her voice and energy to care for the underprivileged, and helping to make the world a better, more caring place.
~ ~ ~
* Mohamed ElBaradei Mohamed ElBaradei{{{1
# [Mohamed ElBaradei](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4b14b9a1.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4b14b9a1.jpg)
### Elected three times as head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Mohamed ElBaradei advocates for the peaceful use of nuclear energy and the reduction of nuclear weapons.
*
If the world does not change course, we risk self-destruction.
Mohamed ElBaradei believes that nuclear weapons may destroy all the people in the world unless we change our ways.
He has dedicated his life to helping the world change course, and choose a smarter way to use nuclear energy.
Growing up in Egypt, Mohamed ElBaradei was inspired by his father, who fought for democracy and free speech.
Young Mohamed determined to follow in his fathers footsteps and help make a difference.
First as a lawyer, then as a teacher and diplomat, the younger ElBaradei looked for ways to promote peace and justice.
Then, in the mid-1980s, his life changed .
.
.
and the whole world would change as a result!
In 1984, ElBaradei got a job with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which is a group set up by the United Nations to keep an eye on how countries are using nuclear technology.
After a few years, he was promoted to head of the Agency, and he began to transform the way it worked.
ElBaradei secured more power for the IAEA, which allowed it to get tougher on countries that broke the rules.
He challenged governments when they tried to lie about their nuclear weapons programs, or to hide problems with their atomic power plants.
Mohamed ElBaradei really stirred things up when he stood up to the United States, which wanted to go to war with Iraq.
He insisted that the Americans were wrong about Iraq building nuclear weapons and said war was not justified.
From helping keep nuclear fuel out of the hands of terrorists, to encouraging countries to help each other to fight cancer with nuclear medicine, Dr. ElBaradei has taken on one tough issue after another.
The countries of the world have re-elected him to three straight terms as head of the IAEA.
Mohamed ElBaradei has also chalked up one award after another from grateful nations and groups that saw how he was reducing the nuclear threat.
In 2005, he and his UN Agency were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize (ElBaradei donated his share of the prize money to building orphanages in his home city of Cairo).
Today, as one of the worlds leading experts on the peaceful use of atomic power, Mohamed ElBaradei continues to spread his message.
Pointing out that we could feed the entire world by using just one per cent of the money spent on nuclear weapons, he challenges people to choose peace.
~ ~ ~
* Mahatma Gandhi Mahatma Gandhi{{{1
# [Mahatma Gandhi](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3b6ddcf4.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3b6ddcf4.jpg)
### Mohandas Mahatma Gandhi was a peaceful warrior who fought for Indias independence, and for social justice for Indias people.
To the rest of the world, he demonstrated the power of non-violent protest as an effective way to fight oppression.
*
All over the world, people use non-violent protests to fight for justice - they march, sing, sit, and either refuse to cooperate or to resist when authorities try to move them.
This form of protest is popular because it is often successful and because it does not involve violence.
One man is given credit for proving the power of non-violent protests - Mahatma Gandhi.
Nearly a hundred years ago, Mohandas Gandhi (who came to be known later in life as Mahatma, or great soul) was a lawyer from India who cared deeply about social injustice.
He first got involved in protests while working in South Africa, where the Indian population was oppressed along with other non- whites.
On his return to India, Gandhi saw that his country was filled with unfairness, too - classes and castes oppressed each other, and the ruling British imposed their rules on everyone.
With his experience and quietly powerful personality, Gandhi soon became leader of the protest movement demanding fair treatment and Indian independence from England.
He knew that violent protests would only give authorities an excuse to crack down on everyone involved, and to arrest or harm protestors.
So, Gandhi developed the idea of non-violent protests.
Under his leadership, huge crowds would march vast distances or peacefully occupy a public space.
His methods attracted a lot of media attention and embarrassed the authorities, who looked bad in the public eye if they arrested people who werent even resisting.
Gandhi himself staged hunger strikes to back up his demands for justice, often coming near to death.
Through years of struggle, Gandhi and his followers won one battle after another - fairer taxes, less discrimination, better relations between religious groups, less poverty, and more rights for women.
But they paid a terrible price, with thousands of people killed or injured by police and soldiers, and tens of thousands arrested.
Gandhis last struggle, for Indian independence, was the hardest one.
He and his family, along with their closest supporters, were imprisoned for years.
Gandhis wife died and the Mahatma himself was nearly killed by malaria.
Independence finally came in 1947, thanks largely to Gandhis leadership and courage.
But the British cut the nation into two parts, India and Pakistan, sparking violence and starvation that killed hundreds of thousands of people.
If Gandhi had not stepped in personally, it would have been even worse.
The Mahatma was assassinated in 1948 while leading a prayer meeting.
He died as he lived, seeking peace.
~ ~ ~
* Mother Teresa Mother Teresa{{{1
# [Mother Teresa](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49239163.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49239163.jpg)
### How did a young girl from Albania, armed only with compassion, become world-renowned and a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize?
*
Even when Agnes Bojaxhiu was a little girl in Albania, she had a big heart.
She longed to make things better for people, and she wanted to live in India, where she knew there was sickness and poverty.
When she grew up, Agnes decided to become a nun and dedicate her life to helping people in need.
As a nun, she took a new name, Sister Teresa, and a new job teaching near the poorest area of Calcutta, India.
She had made her dream come true but wanted to do much more.
So she asked for permission to start her own group of nuns.
Her group would go right into the slums and take care of the very poorest and sickest people.
Sister Teresa started orphanages and schools for children in need, and treated every child as her own.
She also opened hospitals for people who couldnt afford medical care.
People started to call her Mother Teresa, and many were inspired to support her or join her efforts.
But Sister Teresas big heart demanded she do even more.
She personally walked the slums of Calcutta, comforting the people there.
She would sit down next to people, hold their hands, or take their faces between her hands and look at them with love.
She even did this with lepers (people suffering from the painful and often contagious skin disease called leprosy).
Sister Teresa touched the people no one else would touch - the forgotten people, who needed love most.
There are poor people everywhere, she said, but the deepest poverty is not being loved.
Her remarkable compassion touched peoples hearts, and word began to spread.
Newspapers started writing about The Saint of The Gutters and, before long, Mother Teresa was known all over the world.
She was given the Nobel Peace Prize for her work but always gave credit to other people and to God.
Her advice was to do little things to help others, with love.
There are many people who can do big things, she said, but there are very few people who will do the small things.
By doing the small things with love, Mother Teresa changed the world.
She died in 1997, at age eighty-seven, and many consider her to have been a real-life saint.
~ ~ ~
* Nelson Mandela Nelson Mandela{{{1
# [Nelson Mandela](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m351363bf.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m351363bf.jpg)
### After twenty-seven years in prison, Nelson Mandela was elected president of his country.
His primary goal was to convince blacks and whites of the power and wisdom of forgiveness.
*
When Nelson Mandela was young, racism was not only perfectly legal in South Africa, it was the law!
Black people were not allowed to vote, go to the same schools, shop in the same stores, or live in the same areas as white people.
The system was called apartheid, and people were jailed if they spoke out against it.
Mandela was one of many people who fought against apartheid.
At first, as a young lawyer, he tried to combat it through the legal system.
But he got so angry with the beatings, murders, and other mistreatment of black people that he started urging them to fight back .
.
.
to meet violence with violence.
As a result of his actions, he was arrested and sentenced to prison for life.
Even in prison, because he was black, he got worse treatment than the white prisoners - poor food, hard labor such as breaking rocks in the hot sun, and only one letter or visitor every six months.
Nelson Mandela spent twenty-seven years in those terrible conditions.
In the meantime, the world outside South Africa became more aware of, and more opposed to, apartheid.
Around the globe, people and governments demanded justice, including freedom for Mandela.
Finally, the South African government gave in - they agreed to end apartheid, have an election where everyone could vote, and let Nelson Mandela go free.
Over the years, Nelson Mandela had become a symbol of the fight against oppression.
Most people expected him to come out of prison angrier than ever; they thought he would call on black people to seek revenge.
But Mandela had spent all those years thinking about everything he had seen, and he had changed his mind about fighting and hating.
He wanted to find a way to work together with whites, to build a rainbow nation where every person would be equal, like the colors in a rainbow.
In the first free election in South Africa, Mandela was elected president.
He worked to get black and white people to forgive each other for bad things they had done in the past.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy, he said.
Then he becomes your partner.
Nelson Mandela was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993.
The man who had lost so much had taught his nation, and the world, the importance and power of forgiveness.
~ ~ ~
* Norman Bethune Norman Bethune{{{1
# [Norman Bethune](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m380da58c.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m380da58c.jpg)
### Besides being a medical doctor and an inventor in his field, Norman Bethune was a compassionate and courageous humanitarian who worked on the battlefront not only in World War I, but also in the Spanish Civil War and the Chinese Civil War.
*
If you visit China, you wont find many statues of non-Chinese heroes.
One of the few exceptions is the statue of a Canadian, Dr. Norman Bethune.
Norman came from a well-to-do family but always wanted to help those less fortunate than himself.
Going to university in the early 1900s in Toronto, he interrupted his studies twice - once to go and teach English to immigrant mine laborers in northern Ontario, and again to volunteer to carry wounded soldiers on the battlefront in World War I.
Norman had a brain equal to his big heart and, after becoming a doctor, he went on to invent or perfect several tools used in surgery.
One of them, the Bethune Rib Shears, is still used today.
While he became a very successful surgeon, Dr. Bethune still devoted most of his time and energy to helping others.
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, he treated poor people for free, and tried to convince colleagues and governments to provide better care for the needy.
When fascists tried to seize power in the Spanish Civil War, Dr. Bethune volunteered for the democratic side.
He saw many soldiers bleed to death on the battlefields before they could be taken to field hospitals, so he invented the worlds first portable transfusion unit, saving countless lives.
Just a few years later, Norman Bethune was volunteering again, this time to help the communist side in the Chinese Civil War, then staying on to help during Chinas war with the Japanese.
He did everything from performing emergency battlefield surgery to establishing training programs for doctors and nurses, and organizing medical services.
Norman Bethune was known for helping anyone who needed him, and for putting the lives and health of others before his own.
He died of blood poisoning after cutting his finger while performing an emergency surgery in 1939.
The story of this selfless man might have been forgotten, but Chinese leader Mao Zedong wrote a story about Dr. Bethune and it became required reading in every school in China.
Even today, decades after his death, Norman Bethune is remembered and honored across the nation he gave his life to help.
In Canada, Dr. Bethune has been inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame, been honored with a Canadian stamp, had schools named after him, and been the subject of films and TV shows.
Both nations remember him as a medical pioneer and a noble humanitarian.
~ ~ ~
* Norman Borlaug Norman Borlaug{{{1
# [Norman Borlaug](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_192a1b3f.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_192a1b3f.jpg)
### Norman Borlaug acted on his conviction that increasing the worlds food supply is a huge and essential contributor to world peace.
*
Ninety-eight people have won the Nobel Peace Prize for their contributions to the human race.
Only one of them - Norman Borlaug - is also a member of the U.S. National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Born to farmers in rural America, Norman was a farmer to his boots - a big, strong youth who loved the land.
He might have stayed a farmer all his life, except for two factors.
First, he was an exceptional amateur wrestler - a talent that gave him the opportunity to travel and put on exhibition matches.
He also credits his wrestling with teaching him to never give up.
Second, he was influenced by his grandfather, who encouraged him to get an education.
He told Norman, Youre wiser to fill your head now if you want to fill your belly later on.
So Borlaug worked his way through university, studying forestry.
His summer jobs took him around the U.S. during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
He saw many people literally starving to death, and he realized how easy it was to take food for granted.
When he heard a scientist lecture about breeding plants to fight disease and parasites, Norman Borlaug put the two ideas together - realizing that breeding better crops could help stop people from starving.
That mission became the focus of his life, and Borlaug left farming and wrestling behind.
The star athlete became a star pupil, earning a PhD in plant pathology and genetics.
As a scientist, Dr. Borlaug made one discovery after another, developing new strains of wheat that grew healthier, faster, and easier than existing wheat.
Working in Mexico, he helped that country go from being short of wheat to having enough to sell to the world.
Dr. Borlaug then took his improved wheat to India and Pakistan, countries that were facing a major famine.
Despite a long list of challenges, including a war between the two nations, Dr. Borlaug got his super crop to produce the best yields ever seen.
The terrible famine was greatly reduced, and Norman Borlaug was credited with saving millions of lives.
People called his new ideas about plants a Green Revolution, and his theories spread around the world, helping to prevent starvation, the destruction of forests, and fighting over food supplies.
In 1970, Norman Borlaug was awarded the Nobel Prize in recognition of his contributions to world peace through increasing food supply.
Until his death in 2009, he kept sharing his message that the future of civilization depends on everyone having enough food.
~ ~ ~
* Oprah Winfrey Oprah Winfrey{{{1
# [Oprah Winfrey](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c114ebf.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c114ebf.jpg)
### It may well be that no other person in history has risen so far - from such poverty and despair to such wealth and fame - as Oprah Winfrey.
*
Born to a single, teenage mother in rural Mississippi, Oprah was raised by her grandmother until the age of six.
The family was so poor that Oprah sometimes had to wear dresses made from potato sacks.
Things didnt improve much when Oprah went to live with her mother.
They lived in a poor neighborhood and struggled to afford decent food and clothes.
It wasnt only the grinding poverty and the open prejudice against black people that made her childhood so tough; Oprah was beaten and sexually abused by family members.
At age thirteen, she ran away from home.
By fourteen, she was pregnant (her baby died shortly after it was born), and she got involved with drugs and emotionally abusive men.
But Oprah Winfrey had a spirit that would not be destroyed, and a mind that yearned to be free.
Out of her troubled past came a young woman determined to learn, grow, and succeed in life.
Oprah became a top student in high school, and started winning public-speaking contests.
She was so good at speaking that she won a university scholarship, and so beautiful that she won the state beauty pageant.
Her big break came when a local radio station offered this bright, well spoken, and determined young woman a part-time job in the newsroom.
After that, it wasnt long before Winfreys hard work and talent earned her a spot in television news.
She got so involved in her stories, sometimes crying along with guests who were having trouble, that the television station decided to move her to a talk show.
Oprah Winfrey never looked back.
Winfrey took a struggling TV talk show in Chicago to the number one spot in the city, then to the top-rated spot in the entire United States.
Within a few years, Oprah Winfrey had the most viewers of any talk show in history, and was on her way to launching a series of successful TV and radio shows, magazines, websites, charities, and the worlds most influential book club.
A millionaire by age thirty, and now a billionaire, Winfrey is often described as one of the most powerful people in the world, and one of the most generous.
Never forgetting her roots, Oprah Winfrey helps people around the world and encourages others to appreciate and share their good fortune.
~ ~ ~
* Paulo Coelho Paulo Coelho{{{1
# [Paulo Coelho](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_316dd2f5.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_316dd2f5.jpg)
### The most widely published Brazilian author of all time, Paulo Coelho has sold close to 100 million copies of his books and has also been a theater director, an actor, a songwriter, and a journalist.
*
When Paulo Coelho told his parents he wanted to be a writer, they thought he was crazy - literally.
The Brazilian teenagers parents had him committed to an insane asylum!
Paulo escaped three times before he was finally released and ready to follow a more normal path through life.
He then enrolled in law school, as his parents desired.
But his creative instinct was too strong to be locked away, either behind bars or inside his own life.
He had to break free.
So Paulo dropped out of school, became a hippie, and traveled around Brazil looking for his inspiration.
He found it through music and started writing amazing, strange, and wonderful songs.
Soon, Paulo Coelhos work was being recorded by some of the biggest singing stars in Brazil.
Unfortunately, the oppressive military government at that time thought his songs were too subversive because they talked about freedom and defying authority.
Coelho was arrested and tortured for his beliefs.
However, nothing would stop him from using his creative powers.
Years after his release, Coelho went for a walk - a 500-mile walk along a road in northern Spain.
He used the time to reflect on his life, and he came to the realization that he still wanted to be a writer.
So even though he was now middle-aged, Paulo Coelho started on a new career as a novelist.
His first two books went nowhere, but his third book, The Alchemist, made world history.
It has sold more than sixty million copies (one of the bestselling books ever written), and holds the world record for being translated into more languages - seventy-one - than any other book by a living author.
Since then, Coelho has written more than two dozen books, sharing his unique world view with readers everywhere.
He has also been a pioneer of sharing his work for free - his publisher once caught him pirating his own books online.
His greatest life lesson, he says, has been to never surrender your dreams or give up on making them come true.
The secret to life, according to Coelho, is to fall down seven times, but to get back up eight times.
Paulo Coelho is also an outspoken activist for peace and social justice.
He is a Messenger of Peace for the UN, an Ambassador to the European Union for Intercultural Dialogue, and a member of many other organizations that advocate for peace.
~ ~ ~
* Randy Pausch Randy Pausch{{{1
# [Randy Pausch](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1f5327c2.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1f5327c2.jpg)
### When computer science professor Randy Pausch was given a cancer diagnosis and told he only had three to six months of good health left, he prepared a now-famous lecture entitled The Last Lecture: Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams.
*
As the saying goes, sometimes people are like tea bags - you dont know how strong they are until they are in hot water.
Randy Pausch is an example of a seemingly ordinary person who rose to great heights when he was in the greatest trouble.
He took the most negative situation and turned it into an opportunity to have a positive influence on the world.
Dr. Randy Pausch was a popular computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
He had won awards for his teaching, and students enjoyed his humor and sharp insights.
In 2006, Dr. Pausch got some terrible news - he had cancer of the pancreas and only had a few months to live.
While some people would be paralyzed by fear or give up in self-pity, Dr. Pausch decided to live his last months to the fullest.
One thing he decided to do was to sign up for a special lecture series his university offered.
The idea was for professors to share their lifes wisdom with students, as if it were the last lecture they would ever give.
Randy Pausch gave his lecture to a packed hall in 2007.
He called it, The Last Lecture: Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams. Many people called it the greatest performance they had ever seen.
Dr. Pausch spoke about seizing your dreams and not giving up.
He offered insights into computer science and working in teams.
He cracked his audience up again and again with his jokes.
He even did pushups on stage!
His lecture was so inspiring that people wanted video and audio copies of it.
Soon, it was an Internet phenomenon with a million hits in the first month, and Dr. Pausch was asked to write a book about his approach to life.
That book, The Last Lecture, became a bestseller and has been translated into forty-six languages.
Randy Pausch spent the last few months of his life, in between medical treatments, making his own childhood dreams come true - practicing with the Pittsburgh Steelers and appearing in a Star Trek movie.
He also appeared on TV many times and gave several more lectures before his cancer killed him in 2008.
To the end, his message was the same - seize the time you have, never give up on yourself or your dreams, and never underestimate the importance of having fun.
~ ~ ~
* Richard Branson Richard Branson{{{1
# [Richard Branson](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7ef252e5.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7ef252e5.jpg)
### When hes not starting up a business or chasing new adventures, Richard Branson can be found tackling problems like global warming, poverty, and access to education.
He has donated millions of dollars of his own money and helped raise many millions more for charities.
*
Few people in the world have as much fun and adventure as Richard Branson.
He has set world records for hot air balloon trips over the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans as well as for crossing the English Channel in an amphibious car.
Branson has ridden motorcycles across deserts, sailed through monster storms, paraglided off mountains, and bungee-jumped over waterfalls.
He counts people like legendary South African leader Nelson Mandela and musician Peter Gabriel among his many famous friends.
Wherever he goes on his world travels, Branson seeks out new experiences, interesting people, and fresh challenges.
He also finds new business opportunities - at last count, Richard Branson had more than 400 companies in every field from music and entertainment to airlines, mobile phone providers, green fuels, and a space travel agency!
Not every one of his business ventures has worked out, but enough have succeeded to make Richard a multi-billionaire and one of the richest people in the world.
Its an impressive success story for a man who started off as a failure in school.
Suffering from dyslexia (a learning disability in which the brain mixes up the order of letters and numbers), Richard Branson was a terrible student and dropped out of school at age sixteen.
However, he was fearless, open-minded, and knew how to get along with just about anyone.
So Branson played to his strengths, and began looking for ways to make money that involved his love of travel and music.
He found his first opportunity buying left-over albums from music companies in Europe and selling them in his native England for a profit.
That led to his first music store, a mail-order business, and a music- production company that signed up bands the mainstream labels were afraid to touch.
Since then, Richard Branson has never stopped pursuing new ideas, testing the limits, and sometimes breaking the rules.
Now sixty years old, Branson is still taking life as one big adventure.
In his words, You dont learn to walk by following rules.
You learn by doing, and by falling over, then getting up to try again.
~ ~ ~
* Robert Munsch Robert Munsch{{{1
# [Robert Munsch](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_73b3c72a.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_73b3c72a.jpg)
### A born storyteller, Robert Munsch loves writing stories for young children, and children love reading them.
A bestselling author in both Canada and the United States, he has sold over thirty million books.
*
His official biography says he grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but Robert Munsch likes to say that he never grew up at all - hes still as much of a kid as ever!
That could be the secret that makes him one of the most popular childrens writers in the world.
Somehow, he has never lost the power of imagination we all had as children.
Using his imagination is what kept Robert going through school, which he found difficult.
He was a very bad pupil and never really learned the basic skills of math and spelling.
But he could reach into his mind and come out with wonderfully inventive, silly ideas that he turned into poems and stories.
Robert first set out to become a priest, and also studied history and anthropology at university.
But along the way, something special happened - he got introduced to children, and the children got introduced to his stories.
Working at a daycare centre to put himself through school, Munsch discovered his amazing storytelling skills and the joy of thinking like a kid again.
Incredibly, he did this for ten years, making up one wonderful story after another, day after day, without ever thinking of writing them down!
It was only when he and his wife moved to Guelph, Ontario, and a librarian overheard Munschs stories that he was convinced to send some of them to a publisher.
Just one was accepted, but that got him going as a writer.
At first, his books sold slowly and gained just a little popularity every year.
Then, in 1986, he published Love You Forever.
It became the bestselling childrens book in Canada and the U.S., and Robert Munsch was suddenly a household name!
Twenty-five years later, Munsch still publishes about two books a year and they all sell like crazy.
But what he really loves to do is drop in on kindergarten and daycare classes that have written to him.
He will just show up, unannounced, and spend a few hours telling stories.
Often, he will arrange to stay with a students family and share a whole day with them!
Everywhere he goes and all the people he meets provide Robert Munsch with more story ideas and more joy.
Hes never stopped being a kid, and kids never stop loving him.
~ ~ ~
* Roberta Bondar Roberta Bondar{{{1
# [Roberta Bondar](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5bc57d5b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5bc57d5b.jpg)
### Little did Roberta Bondars parents know when they watched her playing astronaut as a little girl that she would be Canadas first woman in space, or that she would specialize in studying the effects of space flights on peoples brains.
*
Can curiosity take you into outer space?
Just ask Roberta Bondar.
Growing up in Sault Ste.
Marie, Ontario, Roberta loved learning how the world worked.
Her favorite gifts were chemistry sets, and her favorite game was playing astronaut and exploring new worlds in her imagination.
She wanted to know about everything, from plants to animals, art to science, sports to fantasy.
So, Roberta kept studying and learning new things.
She took degrees in zoology and agriculture at university, but then got into medicine and ended up becoming a doctor of neurobiology, studying how our brains work.
As she earned her medical degree, Roberta Bondar became interested in yet another new field - space medicine!
When Canada announced it was starting a space program and looking for potential astronauts, guess who had her application in the mail the next day?
There were four thousand top-notch applicants, but Dr. Bondar had the right stuff - brains, fitness, and a love of exploration.
She was one of just six people chosen to take astronaut training.
In 1992, Dr. Bondar blasted off aboard the U.S. Space Shuttle Discovery, becoming Canadas first woman astronaut.
She was also the first neurologist to go into space.
After her mission, Roberta Bondars curiosity about life in space landed her a new job - heading up an international team studying the effects of space flight on peoples brains.
And she worked with experts around the world to use her new knowledge to help treat diseases here on Earth.
Meanwhile, Dr. Bondar kept questioning, wondering, and getting excited about new topics.
She became an expert photographer (her pictures have been shown at the National Gallery), an educator (Chancellor of Trent University), and a pilot.
Because she has done so many interesting things, Roberta Bondar is also a popular speaker and writer, sharing her love of learning and exploring.
Her accomplishments have won her a long list of awards and honors, including induction into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame and the Order of Canada, and her picture has been on a Canadian postage stamp.
Apparently, curiosity can take you into space .
.
.
and to a lot of other interesting places too.
~ ~ ~
* Roger Bannister Roger Bannister{{{1
# [Roger Bannister](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2e86a20.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2e86a20.jpg)
### After two years of intense training, Roger Bannister became the first person to beat the four-minute mile and the most famous runner in the world.
It was an amazing achievement, but not his destiny; he was already working on his next dream.
*
Imagine setting a world record and becoming one of the most famous people in sports history.
Now imagine thinking Thats not enough! and setting out to become a neurologist.
Thats the life story of Roger Bannister, the English runner who was the first person in the world to run a mile in less than four minutes.
Roger didnt set out to be a world-class runner.
He never even tried long- distance running until he was seventeen, but he immediately showed talent and Britain asked him to be on their Olympic team in 1948.
But Bannister wanted more time to practice, and waited four years until the 1952 Olympics.
The result?
Heartbreak!
He finished in fourth place, just out of the medals.
He seriously thought about quitting running forever.
Instead, he took a deep breath and decided to go after a different dream - the four-minute mile.
It was a goal that top runners around the world had been edging closer and closer to, but Roger Bannister determined to beat them all.
After two years of intense training, he was ready.
At a track meet in 1954, Roger ran like no other human being ever had.
At the finish line, his time was half a second under four minutes.
The crowd went wild and the news flashed around the world!
Roger Bannister had another moment of global glory a few months later, when he raced against and beat the Australian runner who had passed his world record.
It was called the Miracle Mile, and it confirmed Bannister as the most famous runner in the world.
But fame was not enough for Roger Bannister.
He wanted to make a difference through his work as a doctor.
He became a neurologist and a top medical expert on the brain, introducing new procedures and conducting research that was published in medical journals around the world.
He still loved sport, and successfully worked for sports funding across Britain and for the first steroid testing of athletes.
How did Roger Bannister accomplish so much?
Heres his philosophy, in his own words - Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the fastest lion or it will be killed.
Every morning in Africa, a lion wakes up.
It knows it must run faster than the slowest gazelle, or it will starve.
It doesnt matter whether youre a lion or a gazelle - when the sun comes up, youd better be running!
~ ~ ~
* Romo Dallaire Romo Dallaire{{{1
# [Romo Dallaire](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mf72f567.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mf72f567.jpg)
### Romo Dallaire went through a horrific experience that changed his life and almost destroyed it; but since that time, he has been a tireless international advocate for a number of critical global causes.
In 1983, the African nation of Rwanda was in bad shape.
The two main tribes, the Hutus and the Tutsis, were arguing over how to share power, and people were afraid there would be a civil war.
In fact, something even worse was about to happen - genocide.
Genocide is the attempt by one group of people to completely wipe out another group, as the Nazis tried to do to the Jews in World War II.
The United Nations had troops in Rwanda to try to keep the peace, and Canadian General Romo Dallaire was put in charge of the troops.
He didnt have many soldiers and his orders were to supervise a peace, not fight a war.
But Dallaire and other observers could see the situation was getting worse.
Radical Hutu leaders were talking about killing every Tutsi - even the children - and anyone else who got in their way.
Dallaire asked for more troops to prevent a bloodbath, but the United Nations argued and debated instead of acting.
The general still had a terrible shortage of troops when the killings began.
It was a horrific time, with gangs of armed Hutus massacring whole Tutsi villages.
General Dallaire used his troops as best as he could to guard areas where there were Tutsis hiding.
He often bluffed the Hutu militias into thinking he had more soldiers or authority than he really did.
The terrible slaughter went on for one hundred days and an estimated one million people were murdered before the United Nations finally sent in enough troops to bring peace.
For Romo Dallaire, it was one hundred days of danger, horror, and frustration.
But he would not give up, and he did everything he could to stop the violence.
It has been estimated that his brave actions saved some 32,000 lives.
Afterwards, however, he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) - a deep depression that often affects soldiers and other people who have been through horrific situations with loss - and in this case, massive loss - of human life.
At one point, General Dallaire even tried to kill himself.
Today, Romo Dallaire is a decorated hero, an Officer of the Order of Canada, a member of the Canadian Senate, and an outspoken advocate who has devoted his life to several causes - fighting racism, helping people who suffer from PTSD, and working to stop the use of children as soldiers.
He has demonstrated two important forms of bravery, facing up to external dangers and his own internal demons.
~ ~ ~
* Ryan Hreljac Ryan Hreljac{{{1
# [Ryan Hreljac](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_f8dc82f.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_f8dc82f.jpg)
### Not many seven-year-olds decide to buy a well in an African village, and not many create a foundation to raise millions of dollars for clean water.
*
Ryan Hreljac seems like your typical Canadian teenager.
He goes to school, plays hockey, and likes video games.
But Ryan also happens to be the founder of an international foundation that has helped save tens of thousands of lives!
When he was growing up in Kemptville, Ontario, Ryan heard a story from his Grade One teacher.
She explained how millions of people in under-developed countries die every year because they dont have access to clean water.
Lots of kids hear about issues like this; only a very few decide to do something about it.
Ryan Hreljac was one of these.
Ryan did extra chores at home to earn pocket money.
He worked very hard and, over four months, managed to earn seventy dollars.
That was enough to pay for a new well in a village in Uganda.
The charity that built the well was surprised to get a donation from a seven- year-old and began telling people about this big-hearted boy.
Ryan soon had other children and adults asking him how they could help him solve the worlds clean water challenge.
Other charities got involved, the Government of Canada offered to help, and before he knew it, Ryans single donation was growing into an organization.
With the support of his family, Ryan dedicated all of his free time to the Ryans Well Foundation. Eleven years later, that Foundation is still going strong, and it has raised millions of dollars.
It has built more than 600 water and sanitation projects in sixteen countries in Africa, helping bring clean water to nearly 700,000 people!
Ryan has received a long list of awards, medals, and honors, met with world leaders and celebrities, and had his message featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show.
But when you ask him about his accomplishments, Ryan says, Im just your regular, average kid. Ryan Hreljac has demonstrated how anyone can turn their concern into action, inspire others to get involved, and make a real difference in the world.
And Ryans original well?
It is still pumping clean water in that village in Uganda, serving thousands of people every day.
~ ~ ~
* Sam Walton Sam Walton{{{1
# [Sam Walton](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m42709659.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m42709659.jpg)
### Sam Walton had a dream: to own his own department store.
It was a long and winding road to reach his goal, but he was committed, smart, innovative and, above all, a hard worker.
The result?
The Wal-Mart empire now has 9,000 stores in fifteen countries.
*
Many people consider Sam Walton to be the smartest businessman in history.
He was certainly one of the most successful: starting from one store, he created the Wal-Mart chain, the largest retail business in the world.
He also invented the Price Club and Sams Club chains of discount stores.
Before he died in 1992, Sam was the second-richest man in the world, behind only Bill Gates!
His achievements are even more impressive when you know that Sam was born on a small farm in Oklahoma and raised during the Great Depression of the 1930s, when worldwide economic disaster created widespread unemployment and poverty.
For young Sam, it meant working before and after school to earn extra money for his family, then working his way through university to pay for his tuition.
He took every job he could find, from waiting tables to delivering newspapers.
In between, he served as a military cadet leader, Sunday school volunteer, class president, and starting quarterback of the football team!
Despite the huge extra demands on his time, Sam was a top student, earning a spot in the U.S. National Honors Society.
Its not that he was smarter than everyone else; he just worked harder.
After university, Sam Walton got a job working in a department store and dreamed of one day owning his own shop.
After serving in World War II, he used his Army pay to lease a store that was part of a franchise chain.
He built it up into such a huge success that the franchise owner bought Walton out and took the store back for himself.
Now that he had more money to work with, Sam Walton finally realized his dream of owning a department store.
It was the first step towards the Wal-Mart empire that now boasts nearly 9,000 stores in fifteen countries and employs more than a million people.
Walton developed ideas we take for granted today, but were great innovations at the time - discount pricing, extended hours, numerous cash registers, profit-sharing with employees, and involvement in community activities.
Sam Walton said the secret to his success were plain hard work and ten simple rules:
1\.
Commit to your goals
2\.
Share your rewards
3\.
Energize your colleagues
4\.
Communicate all you know
5\.
Value your associates
6\.
Celebrate your success
7\.
Listen to everyone
8\.
Deliver more than you promise
9\.
Work smarter than others
10\.
Blaze your own path
~ ~ ~
* Sandford Fleming Sandford Fleming{{{1
# [Sandford Fleming](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3a0d8c1f.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3a0d8c1f.jpg)
### Sandford Fleming was a whirlwind inventor whose ideas came to benefit not only his home country but the world.
Canadians can thank him for his crazy vision of building a railway clear across the vast wilds of Canada.
*
How many different dreams can one person follow?
For Sandford Fleming, it seems there was no limit.
When he was eighteen years old, having just arrived in Canada from Scotland, Fleming was a budding inventor who wanted other active minds around him.
So he established the Royal Canadian Institute - a group dedicated to science, invention, and understanding.
It still exists today.
Apparently, working as a surveyor and running his new Institute wasnt enough to fully occupy his mind.
On the side, Fleming took the time to design Canadas first postage stamp in 1851.
Meanwhile, his tireless energy and sharp mind got him a job as chief engineer of a railway.
Thats where Fleming developed his next vision - a railway clear across Canada.
It took a dozen years for Fleming and others to convince the new Canadian government.
Once the government had finally approved the idea, it gave Fleming the job of doing the surveying for the mammoth railway.
Fleming had to find the best route from the Atlantic to the Pacific, over hundreds of kilometers of empty prairie and through mountain passes where no one had ever climbed.
He finished the survey job by 1876, and the railway was finished in 1885.
Fleming was on hand when they drove the last spike to join the rail lines - and Canada - together.
You might think that institutes, railways, postage stamps, and submarine telegraph cables (he proposed the idea to connect the British Empire through communications) would be enough for one mind.
But Sandford Fleming had yet another world-changing idea.
After missing a train in Ireland, Fleming became fed up with the way people kept time.
At that time, time was strictly a local affair; every town had its own clock.
Twelve noon in one place might be 12:15 in another just up the road.
Fleming came up with the idea of creating standard time zones - twenty- four of them around the world.
In each zone, the time would be exactly the same.
It seems like common sense today, but Fleming had to fight for years to get this idea accepted, and the twenty-four time-zone idea wasnt agreed upon until years after his death.
But Flemings many achievements were recognized while he was still alive; he was knighted by Queen Victoria.
Today, Sir Stanford Fleming is recognized as the father of standard time and of our national railway - a man who changed our nation and the world.
~ ~ ~
* Shania Twain Shania Twain{{{1
# [Shania Twain](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3d16ae6e.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3d16ae6e.jpg)
### Shania Twains long, slow road to fame included poverty, many disappointments, and a terrible tragedy.
But when she finally succeeded, she set records that would be the envy of any singer.
*
Life was tough for little Eileen Edwards (Shania Twains original name) and her family in the northern Ontario town of Timmins.
Her mother and stepfather did not work much and the family often went hungry.
Her mother once drove the children more than 400 miles to get help from a food bank in Toronto.
Eileen grew up working hard - hunting, chopping wood, and helping her stepfather plant trees.
But she had a special way of earning some extra money: Eileen could really sing.
When she was as young as eight years old, she would go into town late at night and sing for coins people would throw for her.
She began to write her own songs and dream of becoming a rock star.
Eileen performed in bands as a teenager, touring all over Ontario and developing her talent.
Times were still tough; sometimes she could only pay for singing lessons by cleaning her vocal coachs house.
The young singer was hit by one disappointment after another.
Twice she went to the U.S. to try out for record companies, but came home empty-handed.
Little jobs singing on other peoples albums never led to a big break.
But Eileen kept on trying, again and again.
Then, Eileens parents were killed in a car accident.
There was no one to take care of her half-brothers and half-sister.
So Eileen moved back in with them, and supported her family by singing at a local resort.
She was dirt poor once more, but still would not give up her dreams.
When her half-siblings were grown, Eileen tried yet again.
She sent her best songs and music samples to more record companies.
Finally, her years of persistence paid off and she was asked to make her first album.
Eileen created a new stage name for herself: using an Ojibwa word for on my way and her stepfathers last name, she renamed herself Shania Twain.
Shania Twain went on to make the best-selling album ever by a female singer and the top-selling album in country music history.
The singer who kept on trying has now sold sixty-five million albums around the world.
~ ~ ~
* Shirin Ebadi Shirin Ebadi{{{1
# [Shirin Ebadi](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_cbaee33.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_cbaee33.jpg)
### Under a regime where dissidents and intellectuals often disappeared or were murdered, Shirin Ebadi, Irans first woman judge, showed enormous courage in spite of death threats, harassment, and imprisonment.
*
In 1948, things were a lot different in Iran than they are now.
If she had the brains and determination, a girl like Shirin Ebadi, born to an educated, well- to-do family, could look forward to going to university and having a good career.
Shirin had plenty of both, and she grew up to be a lawyer and a judge, the first woman in Iran to ever preside over a legislative court.
But in 1979, there was a revolution in Iran and very conservative religious leaders took power.
Things were about to get very bad for women, girls, and anyone who spoke up against the government.
The new leaders declared that women should not be judges and demoted Shirin Ebadi to a secretarial position.
She tried fighting the ruling, but eventually just resigned.
It took years of more fighting before the government would recognize her law degree and let her practice as a lawyer.
By that time, Ebadi was angry - she was angry over the way she had been dealt with, and the way that all women and children were being treated in Iran.
Despite the dangers of opposing the government (people who protested were often arrested or simply disappeared), Ebadi set out to fight for justice and equality.
She wrote books and articles, fought to change the legal status of women and children, took on cases involving dissidents who were in trouble with the government, and helped get a more liberal president elected in Iran.
But women and children were still second-class citizens, and anyone who spoke out against the government could still find themselves in deep trouble.
In 2000, there was a series of murders of intellectuals in Iran; Ebadi and others suspected the killers were government thugs.
They were right, but it took a long, hard struggle to prove their case, and Ebadi wound up in jail for daring to ask questions.
The more that Shirin Ebadi stood up for her beliefs, the more death threats and harassment she suffered.
Finally, she was forced to flee Iran and now lives in exile in Canada.
However, she has not stopped speaking out and campaigning for reforms in Iran and other countries where children and women are not treated as equals to men.
Her courageous fight for justice has won her admirers and enemies around the world, as well as the Nobel Prize for Peace.
~ ~ ~
* Stephen Leacock Stephen Leacock{{{1
# [Stephen Leacock](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m28f95718.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m28f95718.jpg)
### Though he was a political scientist and economist, Stephen Leacock is not known for his writing on those subjects; rather, he is famous for his sense of humor and his witty stories that continue to inspire writers and comedians today.
A good sense of humor can get you through just about anything; if he were still with us, Stephen Leacock would be the first to agree.
A hundred years ago, Leacock was probably the best-known humor writer and most famous Canadian in the world.
His stories and books, such as Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town, had brought him fame and fortune.
And soon-to-be-legendary comedians like Jack Benny and Groucho Marx were inspired by his writing.
But, as funny as he was, Leacock hadnt always had much to laugh about.
His family moved to the little town of Egypt, Ontario from England, where they had been quite wealthy.
However, their Canadian farm failed and his father became an alcoholic who beat his wife and children.
It was up to Stephen to stand up to his own father and kick him out of the house.
A top student, Stephen had to put himself through university by taking teaching jobs, which he hated.
He started trying to sell his stories to magazines as a way of making extra money for school - his real interests were economics and politics.
Leacock eventually became head of the political economy department at McGill University in Montreal.
By that time, his stories had taken off and his fame had begun to spread worldwide.
Even then, Leacock had a hard time.
He had married a wealthy young woman and they tried for fifteen years to have a child.
Then their only son was born with a birth defect, and Leacocks wife died of cancer just ten years later.
Through all of his personal problems, and despite the frustration of having his political science and economic work ignored compared to his funny stories, Stephen Leacock kept his remarkable sense of humor.
That humor not only got him through some dark times, it also assured him a place in history.
Every year, the Stephen Leacock Award is given to the funniest writer in Canada, and Leacocks books are still found in classrooms and libraries across the country - not his dry works on politics and economy, but the collections of witty tales and parodies that preserve his reputation as a man who made the world laugh.
~ ~ ~
* Terry Fox Terry Fox{{{1
# [Terry Fox](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2eb71808.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2eb71808.jpg)
### Life as he had known it ended for Terry Fox when he was twenty.
But in the face of tragedy, he created a dream that inspired a nation.
And his dream lives on.
*
When a teenager gets cancer and then loses a leg at age twenty, you might forgive him for giving up on any big dreams.
But Canadian Terry Fox refused to give up.
In fact, he started dreaming bigger than ever.
Terry was determined to raise money for cancer research to help other young people.
So he decided to do something no one had ever done before - to run some five thousand miles across Canada, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, on one real and one artificial leg.
Terry prepared for eighteen months, running over 3,000 miles (5,000 kilometers).
He set out quietly on April 12, 1980, dipping his artificial leg in the ocean waters off Newfoundland.
Starting that day, and every day that followed, he ran twenty-five miles.
Through rain and shine, despite pain and exhaustion, from early morning darkness to long after sunset, he ran the equivalent of a marathon every day.
By halfway through his run, Terry had captured the hearts of his nation.
Huge crowds appeared by the sides of remote highways to cheer him on.
He visited the notorious Kingston Penitentiary and the hardened inmates wept at his courage and determination.
Sadly, Terry was not able to finish his heroic run.
His cancer spread to his lungs, and he was forced to quit on September 1, 1980, near Thunder Bay, Ontario, after running for 143 days and 3,339 miles (5,373 kilometers).
Terrys goal was to raise one dollar for every Canadian to fund cancer research, a total of $24 million.
When Terry had to quit his run, his courage inspired a groundswell of support from across Canada, and the fundraising efforts continued.
By February 1, 1981, Terrys Marathon of Hope had raised the $24 million.
Terry lived to see his dream realized, but on June 28, 1981, at the age of twenty-two, Terry Fox died of the disease that he had battled so hard against.
Terry inspired new dreams and new commitment as Canadians followed his example and continued to raise money for cancer research through Terry Fox Runs.
In 1988, the Terry Fox Foundation was established to coordinate and manage Terrys legacy.
As of Spring 2011, close to $500 million had been raised for cancer research, and over 5,000 locations in Canada were planning a Terry Fox Run for September.
Terry Fox is remembered by Canadians as their greatest hero of all time, and the best example of courage in action.
~ ~ ~
* Thomas Edison Thomas Edison{{{1
# [Thomas Edison](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6296438d.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6296438d.jpg)
### Being an inventor, says Thomas Edison, is not all about having great ideas; its mostly about working hard and never, never giving up.
*
Thomas Edison is known as one of the greatest inventors in history - the light bulb, the phonograph, the worlds first movie, the stock ticker, the talking doll - more than a thousand different patents have his name on them!
Theres no doubt that Edison had a very sharp mind.
But the man who was called a genius by the whole world said his success didnt have much to do with being smart; he put it all down to hard work.
And it is true that few people in the world work as hard as Thomas Edison did.
He was known for working half the night and falling asleep at his workbench.
If he had a problem to solve, he would skip meals and go on a few hours of sleep for weeks on end.
Edison simply never gave up.
He would keep working, no matter how long it took, until he found the best way of doing things.
His gift for inventing and his determination to succeed almost went unrecognized.
Growing up in the 1800s, Edison had seemed doomed to fail.
He had two problems that caused him real trouble in school.
First, he was very hard of hearing (this was before hearing aids were invented).
Second, he just couldnt seem to focus and sit still.
These days, teachers would identify him as having a learning disability; back then, they just said he was unteachable.
So, his mother pulled him out of school at age ten and set out to teach him herself.
She knew that her son was much smarter than his teachers thought.
And she saw that he never stopped thinking about better ways to solve a problem.
In his first job, when he was a teenager, Edison was taught how to use a telegraph.
He saw that it could be improved, so he was soon inventing new and better telegraph machines.
The perfect example of his approach is his most famous invention, the light bulb.
Edison tried more than a thousand different ways of getting electricity to make light.
He refused to stop trying until he found the material that worked.
As Edison liked to say, Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. In other words, having a good idea is just the beginning: its the effort you put behind that idea that gets the results.
~ ~ ~
* Walt Disney Walt Disney{{{1
# [Walt Disney](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_3bb01b01.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_3bb01b01.jpg)
### Sometimes it just takes one good idea to get started on the road to fame, but the good idea often comes after many years of hard work and many bumps along the road.
*
Through his whole remarkable life, Walt Disney would always tell people, It all started with that Mouse. He was talking about Mickey Mouse - Walt Disneys most famous creation and the one that led to what has been called the most successful entertainment company in the world.
Walt Disney loved drawing as a boy, and was determined to be a cartoonist when he grew up.
But getting a job drawing cartoons for a newspaper or ad agency turned out to be harder than he thought, and Disney struggled for many years.
While he was working at one agency, he became interested in the new methods of animation.
He started to experiment with cameras and drawings, and he was convinced he could make a living as an animator.
After more years of hard work, Walt Disney finally hit it big.
He and his crew came up with a character called Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. Oswald cartoons were a hit, and Disneys studio was finally making money.
Then, the company that distributed his cartoons pulled a fast one; it seemed they had the legal rights to Oswald and they forced Walt Disney out.
So he had to start all over again.
This time, Walt Disney came up with an even better idea - a mouse he called Mortimer. His wife didnt like that name, and suggested Mickey instead, and so the most popular cartoon character in history was born.
With his first sound cartoon, Steamboat Willie starring Mickey Mouse, Walt Disney began to make a lot of money.
He used it to hire the best animators and writers he could find, and a string of classic characters followed - Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto, the Three Little Pigs singing Whos Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf, and many more.
Disney and his team went on to revolutionize movies with the first full-length animated feature, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, followed by a string of hit films that continues to this day.
Walt Disney was nominated for fifty-nine Oscars, and won twenty-six of them (both record numbers); he also won seven Emmy Awards for his television shows and specials.
One successful idea followed another, including theme parks Disneyland and Walt Disney World - although Walt Disney died just before the second park was opened.
After his beginnings as a struggling young artist, Walt Disney ended his life with great wealth, a world-wide reputation, and the satisfaction of bringing joy to millions of children - all because of a mouse and the tenacity to hang on his dreams.
~ ~ ~
* Wangari Maathai Wangari Maathai{{{1
# [Wangari Maathai](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m61344724.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m61344724.jpg)
### Some people, by their nature, ignore the status quo and ignore the odds, and go where no one has gone before.
They are peaceful but courageous warriors.
*
Wangari Maathai was the first woman to do a lot of things: she was the first woman from East Africa to earn a PhD, the first woman to head up a department at the University of Nairobi, and the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
As a girl in a poor country, Wangari had to work against the odds to achieve these things, but she was never the kind of person to let high odds hold her back.
By the mid-1970s, Wangari Maathai was a professor of anatomy, head of the Kenyan Red Cross, and involved in a number of charities and causes.
But she was about to get a great idea.
Dr. Maathai could see that Kenya had two major problems - its natural environment was in bad shape, mostly due to too many trees being cut down, and there were so few jobs that many families were struggling or even starving.
Her idea was simple but brilliant: solve both problems at once by hiring unemployed people to plant more trees!
This straightforward plan grew into a whole campaign to teach the people of Kenya to understand and respect the environment and each other.
She called it the Green Belt Movement.
Although she went through a lot of hard times and struggled with opposition from the Kenyan government, Wangari Maathai managed to keep the Green Belt Movement alive.
Then, in 1985, the United Nations held an environmental conference in Kenya, and representatives from many nations were able to see and hear what she was doing.
Thats when the Green Belt Movement really took off, spreading across Kenya and Africa, and serving as a role model for many nations.
Over the years, Dr. Maathais group began to stand for other issues as well as the environment - issues like democracy and justice.
Kenya only allowed one political party to exist, and tried to deny or stifle anyone who protested or pointed out problems.
Throughout the 1990s, Wangari Maathai and her supporters fought for broader democracy.
She was threatened, arrested, beaten, and jailed - but never silenced.
It took more than a decade of struggle, but finally Kenya had democratic elections with many parties represented.
Dr. Maathai was eventually elected to the national parliament, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004, and planted a tree with Barack Obama.
Today, she continues to work for the causes she is known for - people and the environment.
~ ~ ~
* Wayne Gretzky Wayne Gretzky{{{1
# [Wayne Gretzky](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a981356.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a981356.jpg)
### They told him he was too small, too slow, and too weak.
But what those coaches and scouts from thirty years ago did not realize was that Wayne Gretzky was unstoppable.
*
From the time he learned to skate at age two, in his fathers backyard rink in Brantford, Ontario, Wayne loved hockey.
He would skate, practice, and play hockey every spare moment, even gobbling down his dinner while wearing his skates so that he could rush back out to the ice again and play until dark.
Gretzky credits his father with teaching him the secrets to success, in hockey and in life - to work hard and make the best use of your strengths.
Wayne Gretzky was neither the biggest nor fastest hockey player on any of his teams.
In fact, he was usually much smaller than the other players because he would play against older boys.
And this seemed only fair - at age six, Wayne could outplay any ten-year-old!
Despite his lack of size and speed, Wayne had such phenomenal talent in passing the puck, making plays, and avoiding the checks of the larger players that he became a child hockey star.
He set records and won scoring championships everywhere he went.
But the so-called experts dismissed Waynes skills and said he could not make it in the stronger, tougher competition of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Several teams passed over the chance to sign him up; it was a decision that every one of them would come to regret.
Over a twenty-year NHL career, Wayne Gretzky broke every record in the book.
By the time he retired in 1999, he held forty regular-season records, fifteen playoff records, and six All-Star records.
With more than thirty NHL awards and trophies, including four Stanley Cup championships, Gretzkys entry in the official record books is longer than that of any other hockey player.
Some of his records may never be broken; no other player has ever scored 200 points in a season, something that Wayne did four times!
He capped his incredible career in 2002 by coaching Canadas Olympic hockey team to its first gold medal in fifty years.
When Wayne Gretzky stopped playing, every single team in the NHL retired his number - there will never be another number 99 in the NHL.
Today, the hockey experts no longer talk about his lack of size or speed.
They simply call him The Great One.
~ ~ ~
* William Billy Bishop William Billy Bishop{{{1
# [William Billy Bishop](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a6fa07b.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a6fa07b.jpg)
### Air Marshal Billy Bishop was a daring World War I fighter pilot who won the Military Cross, the Distinguished Service Order, and the Victoria Cross, and he became the leading Canadian flying ace with seventy-two air victories.
*
When Billy Bishop was fifteen years old, he did something really stupid.
He built an airplane out of cardboard, wood, and string, and then tried to fly it off the roof of his three-storey house.
His sister dug him out of the wreckage, and was surprised to find he was not hurt!
But Billy was a very tough boy.
He was known as a fighter at school, and he used his fists to protect other kids from bullies.
When World War I started, Billy Bishop dropped out of school to enlist in the army.
His trainers were astounded to see what a great shot he was with a rifle; he seemed like a natural soldier!
But on the battlefields of Europe, Bishop was soon fed up with living in a muddy, filthy trench.
WWI was the first war in which airplanes were used, and when Bishop saw an airplane land, he quickly transferred to the air force, hoping for more action.
And action was what he got.
Billy Bishop turned out to be as natural at flying as he was at fighting and shooting.
After flying scouting missions, he asked to be stationed in France, where British and German fighter pilots were battling for control of the skies.
At that point in the war, the Germans were shooting down the British by a ratio of five to one.
The average British pilot lasted only eleven days!
But the Germans had never seen anyone like Billy Bishop in action.
Bishop would always lead the way and be the first to attack, no matter what the odds.
He frequently returned with his plane shot full of holes.
Apart from his regular missions, he would take off alone and fly deep into enemy territory to stage surprise attacks.
Soon, Bishop had shot down five enemy aircraft, then ten, twenty, thirty!
His victories kept mounting until the Germans nicknamed him Hells Hand-maiden and put a reward out for anyone who could shoot him down.
No one ever did, and Bishop finished the war with a chest covered in medals and seventy-two air victories, making him the top Canadian flying ace of World War I.
He had used his crazy courage and natural toughness to fight for his country and become a national hero.
Billy Bishop ultimately became an air marshal, the highest rank possible, and head of the Canadian Flying Corps.
~ ~ ~
* William Harvey William Harvey{{{1
# [William Harvey](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2641237c.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2641237c.jpg)
### Although brilliant William Harvey became the doctor of choice for the wealthy, the nobility, and even the King of England, he never stopped giving free treatments to the poor.
*
It may seem hard to believe, but until William Harvey came along, even the best doctors in Europe didnt know that your heart pumps blood around your body.
The common wisdom was that blood was created by your liver, and the heart pumped air and heat through your body, along with just some of your blood!
So, you can imagine the uproar in 1628 when William Harvey published a book that explained exactly how the entire circulatory system worked, from your heart to arteries and veins.
He was completely right, but his work contradicted the belief that had been around for hundreds of years.
Many other doctors refused to believe Dr. Harvey, and said his theories were crazy.
William Harvey was a brilliant physician who had astonished his professors at medical school.
Almost straight out of university, he was hired as chief physician at St. Bartholomews Hospital in London, where he provided medical treatment to the poor for free.
Harveys reputation grew rapidly, and he was chosen to deliver an ongoing series of public lectures to explain anatomy and medicine to the general public.
Soon, wealthy people, including members of the nobility, were asking him to be their doctor.
He even wound up becoming the personal physician to the King of England!
But when he published his now-famous book on the heart and blood circulation, it looked as if William Harvey might lose everything.
However, Dr. Harveys critics hadnt counted on his brilliance and tenacity.
He proved his theories time and again with experiments that showed how the circulation system worked, and with calculations that proved the impossibility of the theory about blood originating in the liver.
In the end, no one could argue with the powerful evidence; William Harvey had clearly made a huge advance in medical science.
Not only did people finally understand how the heart really worked, they also were inspired to copy his style of provable, repeatable experiments.
While Dr. Harvey went on to great fame and fortune as the physician of kings and other rich clients, and as the man who opened the eyes of the world to the wonders of the heart, he never stopped working for the poor.
Until he was an old man, he served at St. Bartholomews Hospital every week, giving free health care to people who could not afford to pay a doctor.
~ ~ ~
* Winston Churchill Winston Churchill{{{1
# [Winston Churchill](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2ffa39b7.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2ffa39b7.jpg)
### Never give in - never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small. That was the life philosophy of Sir Winston Churchill - the man who many people believe did more than anyone else did to save the world from the Nazis.
*
Churchill was a brilliant man (the only British prime minister to win the Nobel Prize for Literature), who came from a wealthy and famous family in England.
But his childhood was not easy: Winston had a speech impediment and a rebellious nature.
He did badly in school and felt unloved by his parents.
Winston Churchill came into his own at military school as a teenager.
Although it took him three tries to pass the entrance exam, he became a top student, and the schools fencing champion.
Once in the military, Churchill took every dangerous assignment available and quickly rose up through the ranks.
To make extra money on the side, he wrote stories and books about his military campaigns and became a popular author.
After leaving the British Army, Churchill kept working as a war reporter and historian.
He gained even more fame when he was captured in South Africa during the Boer War, escaped from prison, and traveled 300 km on foot to rejoin the fighting as a volunteer!
Back home in England, Churchill turned to politics, using his high profile and great speaking ability to become a member of parliament.
Despite several political setbacks, he eventually served as a cabinet minister, introducing reforms such as Britains first minimum wage law and legislation that led to pensions for company employees.
When World War I began, Churchill was in charge of the British Navy .
.
.
but by the end of the war, unable to resist the call of battle, he was again leading troops on the front lines.
When the Nazis, led by Adolf Hitler, began to rise to power in Germany in the 1930s, Churchill was one of the few political voices warning against them.
So, when the Nazis started their campaign to conquer the world and British policies were failing, Britain turned to Churchill to lead them.
As prime minister during World War II, Churchill rallied his tiny country to stand up against the strongest military machine ever known.
His brilliant tactics, his ability to bring other allies together, and his stirring speeches and radio addresses, were the keys to defeating the Nazis.
Churchills absolute refusal to give up, even against overwhelming odds, helped to save his and other nations, and made him one of the greatest heroes in British and world history.
# # #
* Wisdom to Live Your Magic Wisdom to Live Your Magic{{{1
# [Wisdom to Live Your Magic](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_421a5643.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_421a5643.jpg)
Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC!
(TM) provides you with life lessons from 50 of the most amazing teachers in human history.
For each teacher the book includes an original portrait illustration, a brief biography, and selected wisdom from that teacher in his or her own words.
Each profile also explains the profound life lesson(s) the author gained from that particular teacher.
Mentor Vivo Saggezza will show you how to integrate the wisdom of these amazing teachers into your own life.
*
 _Some of the teachers in this book are the expected, like Einstein, Shakespeare and Confucius but I gained some new insights.
Others are a surprise, like Dolly Parton, Black Elk and Keats, and after learning more about them, they all belong in this book._
\- Wesley Gunderson, Businessman
*
This collection of teachers is unique.
Each teacher provides insights into the human condition and a viewpoint on living in these times, some from the perspective of long ago and others from the perspective of now.
They gently advise, in their own words, how to be fulfilled, happy and successful.
Some teach by example, some from the result of research and others from their hearts in the most poetic language.
Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC!
is definitely worth reading.
Each article is about 600 words and can be read in a few minutes.
This is a book you can taste and savor.
Great for the bedside table.
The Teachers:
Dr. Albert Einstein
Dr. Albert Ellis
Aristotle
Benjamin Franklin
Bill Gates
Black Elk
Confucius
Dale Carnegie
Dr. Dean Ornish
Dolly Parton
Eleanor Roosevelt
Earl Nightingale
Ernest Hemingway
George Bernard Shaw
George Lucas
George Washington
Johann W. von Goethe
Henry David Thoreau
Sir Isaac Newton
James Allen
Jeff Bezos
John Keats
Joseph Campbell
Kahlil Gibran
Lao Tzu
Leo Tolstoy
Leonardo da Vinci
Mahatma Gandhi
Marcus Aurelius
Mark Twain
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Michelangelo
Mother Teresa
Dr. Muhammad Yunus
Napoleon Hill
Oprah Winfrey
Oscar Wilde
Pearl S. Buck
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Richard Bach
Rudyard Kipling
Socrates
Steve Jobs
Sun Tzu
Theodore Roosevelt
Thomas Edison
Dr. Viktor Frankl
Warren Buffett
William Shakespeare
Sir Winston Churchill
Release Date: March 2012
* The Journey to Live Your Magic The Journey to Live Your Magic{{{1
# [The Journey to Live Your Magic](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#ref_toc)
!
[tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mc83b05a.jpg](tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mc83b05a.jpg)
This book will prove to you that you are gifted, you are powerful and you are important.
It provides a map for your journey to live the life you were born to live.
Learn how to discover your gifts, how to make the five critical choices and how to use six powerful tools on your journey to Live Your MAGIC!
-- Release Date: May 2012
Visit our website for Larrys blog and the latest updates: [http://www.liveyourmagic.com](http://www.liveyourmagic.com/)
Follow Larry on Twitter: @liveyourmagic* Chapter One Chapter One{{{1 Chapter One
October 1814
I came to see my ailing brother, Lord Mason said as he entered the drawing room.
Anna, the Duchess of Watkins, turned from the window and inwardly shuddered, not caring for the way he scanned her body.
She glanced at Appleton, her butler, and said a silent prayer of thanks for his calming presence.
If there was one ally she had, it was him.
Turning her attention back to Lord Mason, she cleared her throat.
I dont know if my husband is up to seeing visitors.
His health has taken a turn for the worse.
Lord Mason gave a slight frown and clucked his tongue.
I hope he gets better soon.
Id hate to see you become a widow. His gaze lingered on her breasts.
However, if he did die, youll always have a place here at Camden.
Never doubt that.
I believe in taking care of family.
She crossed her arms in a protective measure, feeling as if she was naked before him even though she was fully dressed.
She forced a polite smile but darted a silent pleading look at Appleton who stepped forward.
Lord Mason, Appleton began, perhaps it might be better if youd return at a later time.
The doctor will be here in an hour to tend to him.
Oh, thats not necessary.
Jasons my brother, Lord Mason replied, turning to face him.
Seeing me will lift his spirits.
And in any case, he might have some last words to pass along to me, should I need to take over the estate.
She averted her gaze.
Your Grace? Appleton asked her.
She nodded her consent, and Appleton led Lord Mason out of the drawing room.
There was little she could do to stop her brother-in-law.
When he decided to do something, he did it, regardless of what she wanted.
The only person who was able to stop him was her husband.
She released her breath and glanced at the piano.
Many times, shed used music as a way to escape the harsher realities of life, but there was no escaping Lord Mason or the threat he posed if he became the Duke of Watkins.
She walked over to the window and pulled aside the curtain so she could see if Lord Mason left his carriage by the front door.
He did that if he planned to make it a quick visit, and thankfully, on this day he wouldnt stay long.
She breathed a sigh of relief and closed her eyes.
Your Grace?
She opened her eyes and let the curtain fall back in place as she turned to face Appleton.
Lord Mason wont be here for long.
Theres no need to bring tea.
He nodded and came closer to her so that no one else could overhear them.
Im afraid your husband looks worse than he did this morning.
I didnt say anything to Lord Mason, but
He didnt have to say it.
She knew what he was thinking.
Is my husband able to talk to Lord Mason?
Yes.
Hes still well enough to speak.
I wonder what theyre talking about.
Im sure whatever theyre discussing, it cant be of any consequence.
Probably not. And she doubted Lord Mason cared about what her husband had to say.
Most likely, he had come to judge how close he was to becoming the next duke.
Hes like a vulture circling a dying prey.
Not unlike His Grace was when their father died, Appleton softly replied, not hiding the displeasure in his voice.
I wish Id known their father.
It sounds like he was a good man.
He was.
It was a privilege to be under his employ.
And their mother had been a fortunate lady to have been married to him.
What she wouldnt give for a noble husband who would have treated her well.
Your Grace? Appleton whispered, bringing her attention back to him.
Wiping a tear from her eye, she swallowed the lump in her throat and let out a weary sigh.
With a humorless chuckle, she made eye contact with him.
How I envy you, Appleton.
Your lot isnt fixed upon what men decide to do with you.
Im afraid things will only be worse once my husband dies.
He opened his mouth to speak, but Lord Mason strode into the room with a wide smile on his face.
My brother looks good today.
Perhaps hell cheat Death, he said with a smirk.
He didnt believe that any more than she or Appleton did.
She took a deep breath to steady her nerves.
In case he doesnt, then I will move to a cottage so you may bring the woman youll marry here.
Oh, I wouldnt dream of doing that to you, Your Grace, Lord Mason objected as he approached her.
Without thinking, she shifted closer to Appleton who made it a point to step in front of her.
Lord Masons eyes drifted from her to the butler, and a low chuckle rose up in his throat.
I assume theres nothing of a more personal nature going on between you two.
Most certainly not! Her cheeks warmed at his insinuation.
I have been faithful to your brother.
It matters not to me how you conduct your private affairs, Your Grace, he commented, a trace of amusement in his voice.
But I wouldnt dare send you away to a cottage.
You are my brothers wife, and as such, I will provide for you here.
You neednt worry about your future.
A knot tightened in her stomach, and she averted her gaze from his so she wouldnt give away her apprehension.
I must be going, Lord Mason said.
Until we see each other again, Your Grace.
She curtsied as he bowed, and when he turned to leave, she breathed an audible sigh of relief.
Once Appleton led him out of the room, her shoulders relaxed.
She went to the chair by her writing desk and collapsed into it.
Thankfully, it was over.
She hated it when he came to visit.
Though he never came out and asked for a more intimate relationship with her, she saw the intent in his eyes.
Once her husband died, there was nothing to stop him from taking what he wanted.
She shuddered and closed her eyes, focusing on her deep breathing in order to calm her nerves.
After the knot in her stomach loosened, she opened her eyes and stared at the wall, not seeing the portrait of her husbands grandmother.
The sound of footsteps brought her attention to the doorway where Appleton came in with a tray.
Usually, shed welcome the tea and biscuits, but today, she had no appetite.
I cant eat or drink anything right now, she softly told him before he could place the tray on the desk.
Your Grace, far be it from me to pry, but youve hardly had anything to eat or drink in two days.
Please at least take a sip of the tea?
Though her throat constricted at the idea, she nodded.
Ill try.
As he poured the hot liquid into her cup, he said, I have unpleasant news for you.
She cringed.
Lord Mason plans to return tomorrow?
No, but His Grace wishes to have a word with you.
Her stomach grew queasy.
She took a deep breath and stood up.
The sooner she got this over with, the better.
Wont you have some tea first? he asked.
I cant.
Then Ill go with you.
Theres no need.
He cant do anything to me on his deathbed.
Without waiting for his reply, she strode out of the room.
Perhaps her husband would be exhausted after his brothers visit and fall asleep while talking to her.
She hurried up the stairs, knowing if she delayed, things would be worse.
When she reached the door of his bedchamber, she stopped and waited for a moment, hoping the pounding of her heart wouldnt give away her anxiety.
Clearing her throat, she quietly turned the knob.
She nudged the door open and peeked into the room.
The curtains were drawn, blocking out the sunlight.
A few candles were lit around his bed.
He had the covers pulled up to his neck, and his hands were folded on his chest.
She saw his eyes were closed and swallowed the lump in her throat.
She stood still, unsure of whether she should whisper his name or take her chances and leave.
Her grip tightened on the doorknob.
Theres no need to stand there like a statue, Anna, he rasped, his eyes still closed.
I know youre here.
Disappointed, she stepped into the room and shut the door behind her.
She approached him, her slippers quiet as she crossed the large room.
It would be over soon.
She sat in the chair next to his bed and got ready to ask him if hed been able to keep any liquids down when he opened his eyes and shot her a critical glance.
Did it occur to you that I might want some water?
Oh, Im sorry, Your Grace, she mumbled and went to the table by his bed.
She picked up the pitcher and poured the water into the glass.
She turned slightly away from him so he wouldnt see how badly her hands were shaking.
As much as she kept telling herself a sick gentleman didnt have enough strength to do her any harm, she couldnt so easily forget how powerful hed once been.
She managed to perform the task without spilling any water and set the pitcher down with relief.
Turning back to him, she held out the glass to him.
Here it is, Your Grace.
He closed his eyes and shook his head.
Dimwitted woman.
I need to sit up to drink it.
Right.
Yes.
Of course.
She quickly set the glass on the table and gathered the pillows behind him and helped him sit up.
Slightly out of breath from the task, she grabbed the glass and held it out to him.
He examined the glass and grunted.
Im parched and you give me a mere drops worth?
She ignored his snickers as she poured more water into his glass.
When she presented it to him, she feared he would demand she bring it to his lips, but fortunately, he took it and drank the water.
All she needed was to spill water on him.
When he was done, he handed the glass to her, and she set it back on the table.
He managed to keep the contents down for a minute before he threw up into a bowl.
She looked away from him and pressed her hands over her ears so she wouldnt gag.
Her only reprieve was knowing she didnt have to dispose of his vomit.
Thank God the servants did that.
She waited until he stopped retching before she dared a look in his direction.
Gulping the swell of nausea in her throat, she retrieved a handkerchief from the table and gave it to him.
He wiped his mouth with it and flung it in her direction.
He laughed as she yelped and jerked away from it.
If nothing else, you were always amusing, he remarked.
Pick it up and dispose of it.
She knelt down and picked it up by the hem so she wouldnt touch anything wet and threw it into the bucket by his bed.
Sit and listen to me! he barked.
She sat in the chair, praying hed grow tired from sitting up.
What is it youd like to say, Your Grace? she managed to ask, resisting the urge to look at the door which wasnt too far from her.
Go, he sharply told her.
Startled, her eyes grew wide.
Your Grace?
I know you cant wait to get away from me.
She opened her mouth to protest his statement, but the words wouldnt come.
He was on the verge of death, after all.
Hed been unable to keep any foods or liquids down for over two weeks and grew weaker every day.
Shed done her part in playing the docile wife.
Never arguing, turning a blind eye to all his indiscretions, silencing her complaints.
The years of suppressed bitterness for the way hed treated her during their marriage struggled to make its way to the surface.
Shed spent so much time in dread of him, but as she studied him, she saw how close to death he was.
Why did she continue to let him have any power over her?
Oh, dont bother holding it in, he snapped before he coughed.
Youre pathetic and spineless.
I told my brother to do whatever he wanted with you once Im gone.
I told him youre as barren as a desert so he has no reason to worry people will talk.
Something in her snapped, and she reached for the glass and threw it at him.
She gasped, pressing her hand to her mouth.
How could she have acted out in such a way?
To her surprise, he laughed.
She was about to demand he explain why he found it humorous, but he began to vomit into his bowl.
He motioned for her to hand him another handkerchief, and she made a motion to obey him when she recalled the way he handed her over to his brother.
I hope you die, she hissed.
Youre as disgusting as your vomit.
Then she hurried out of the room.
He couldnt follow her, and he couldnt call after her to stop.
With any luck, there would be no repercussions to saying those words.
If he didnt recover, there wouldnt be.
But if he did She forced the possibility aside.
Either way, she was doomed.
Whether it was her husband or his brother, she was still doomed.
* Chapter Two Chapter Two{{{1 Chapter Two
Hes dead.
Anna stared at her husband, hardly believing it.
Though death was, in itself, an ugly thing, she studied him, noting the way his vacant eyes remained open.
Even as she experienced overwhelming relief, she knew she had a much bigger problem ahead of her.
She glanced at the pocket watch on the table beside his bed.
It was just after midnight.
The doctor wouldnt come by to check on him until after ten.
Her husbands valet had walked out, and considering how many valets her husband had been through, she hadnt been surprised when the last one quit.
So there was no one who would check in on him for at least ten hours.
She bit her lower lip and walked to the window so she could lift the curtain and look outside.
It was so dark.
There wasnt even a sliver of moonlight out tonight.
Anyone could be out there, and there was no way shed see them.
She gripped the curtains.
Did she dare?
Could she get away with it?
She couldnt do it alone.
Her husband was too heavy.
Even if he had lost considerable weight, she couldnt carry him out of the house and dispose of his body.
What she needed was help from someone she could trust, someone who would keep her secret to his grave.
Appleton.
If there was anyone whod understand her plight and could help her, it was him.
She dropped the curtain back in place and turned from the window.
No.
She couldnt ask him to do such a devious thing.
Not when he was the only good thing in her life, the one person whod helped her keep going when all shed wanted to do was give up.
Her gaze went to the scars on her wrists.
If he hadnt found her when he did, she wouldnt be here now.
And hed saved her for what?
So her lot would get worse?
Her attention went back to her husband.
The Duke of Watkins.
She never did feel comfortable enough around him to call him by his Christian name.
Six years.
For six years, shed been under his thumb.
And as his last act of imprisoning her, he thought to hand her over to his disgusting brother.
Taking a deep breath, she walked over to him, each step slow and calculated as she thought of all the misery hed caused her.
Even now in death, he had a slight smile on his lips, as if laughing that he had gained one more victory over her.
You wont win this one, she hissed.
If its the last thing I do, Ill make sure your brother never inherits your title.
Feeling a new sense of determination, she crossed the room and slipped through the door leading to her bedchamber.
She hurried over to the cord on her wall that would ring the bell in Appletons room.
If she was going to act, she had to be quick.
The doctor would arrive in at least ten hours, and the longer she waited, the harder it was going to be to succeed with her plan.
She reached her wardrobe and pulled out a black cloak so she could blend into the dark night.
After she returned to her husbands bedchamber, she waited by his door until she spied Appleton hurrying down the hall.
She motioned to him to enter the room.
Your Grace? he whispered.
She quickly shut the door and led him over to her husband.
I found him like this fifteen minutes ago.
His expression grim, he said, I dont know whether to be relieved or not.
I cant let his brother assume the title, she whispered, glancing at her husband.
With a heavy sigh, he nodded.
That wouldnt be a wise idea.
Its dark out there.
If you wore a covering and we wrapped my husband up in a dark blanket, we could carry him out of here and dispose of his body without anyone seeing us.
He stared at her for a long moment, and she waited for his response, wondering if hed agree or tell her it was impossible.
What youre suggesting is very unusual, he slowly replied.
She tightened her hold on the edge of her cloak.
He wasnt going to go along with it!
However, he began, causing her heart to leap with hope, I see no other alternative than to quietly bury him.
If he were to take a trip for an undetermined amount of time Maybe go somewhere special to heal
Relieved he was going to help her, she nodded.
Well do that.
We also need to take him off this property.
No one must ever find him.
I agree.
Well need to take a carriage.
Theres no way we can carry him as far as we need to.
Can we risk it without being seen?
There is an old carriage that no one uses.
Its in the old stable.
Ill get that one ready.
You find a blanket, and when I get back, well wrap him up, and Ill carry him down the servant stairs.
No one should see us this late at night.
It sounded wonderful.
So wonderful, in fact, it might actually work!
While he left the bedchamber, she searched through the room to find a suitable blanket to cover her husband up.
***
Their task was a morbid one.
Two hours past midnight, Anna stood beneath a large oak tree in the middle of a forest.
She held the lantern up as Appleton finished burying her husband.
She shivered and pulled the cloak closer to her, not sure what was worse: the eerie darkness or the chill in the air.
Appleton pounded the new mound of dirt over the grave and straightened his back.
I think were done.
She stared at the spot where her husband was buried, finally feeling free.
Six of the worst years of her life were over.
She didnt realize she was crying until Appleton removed his gloves so he could reach into his pocket and give her a handkerchief.
Grateful for his everlasting kindness, she thanked him and wiped her face.
Its over, Your Grace, he said, his voice soothing.
As long as no one finds out, well be all right, she agreed.
In silence, the two turned to the winding path that would take them to their carriage.
So much had happened that day, and her exhaustion was quickly catching up to her.
Once they reached the carriage, she slipped into it while he discarded his clothes and put on new ones.
From there, he led the horses carefully through the forest.
Her body swayed from side to side as he navigated them through the rough terrain.
She closed her eyes and rested her head against the back of the seat.
She wanted nothing more than to sink into the sweet bliss of dreams where she could forget everything from her tainted marriage to the misery that brought her and Appleton to covering up her husbands death.
The entire night kept replaying itself in her mind.
As much as she prayed no one would ever find out what happened, she couldnt help but worry someone would try to find her husband and learn the truth.
But maybe by then, she and Appleton could leave the country.
They could assume another identity.
Maybe by the time people realized her husband was dead, she and Appleton could be long gone.
The carriage came to an abrupt stop.
She bolted up in her seat and peered out the window, wondering if someone had caught them.
Maybe someone saw them sneak off the estate and followed them into the forest.
Her heartbeat accelerated in dread.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
With a hard swallow, she told herself that whatever happened, she would tell them she forced Appleton to help her.
Shed do everything she could to absolve him from guilt.
The carriage door opened.
Her eyes flew open, and she saw Appletons shocked expression.
What is it? she asked him, tentatively peering out of the carriage to see if someone else was in the area.
Theres a gentleman in the middle of the road, Your Grace, he told her.
He held his hand out to help her down.
I cant tell for sure, but he looks a lot like your husband.
Her eyebrows furrowed, she stepped out of the carriage and followed him to where the horses stood.
He lifted the lantern from the carriage and knelt by the gentleman lying on his back in the middle of the road.
She quickly examined their surroundings and saw no one else in the area.
Taking a tentative step toward Appleton, she whispered, You said he looks like my husband?
Hes been beaten, but theres no denying the resemblance.
The gentleman groaned but didnt move.
Curious, she approached him.
His eyes were closed and his mouth was open as he struggled for breath.
It was alarming to see him covered in blood, a nasty cut on his forehead and bruises lining the side of his face.
His clothes spoke of a commoner, but his face was horribly reminiscent of the husband shed just buried.
She glanced at Appleton before she proceeded forward.
While Appleton held the lantern for her to get a better look at the stranger, she bent over him.
Sir?
He gave no response.
Uncertain, she looked back at Appleton.
He might be the answer to our prayers, Your Grace, Appleton softly told her.
Could he be?
She turned her attention to the stranger and examined his blond hair.
It was hard to tell in the dim light, but it seemed to be the same shade as her husbands.
She inspected the rest of him, sizing up his height and build.
If she wasnt seeing it with her own eyes, she would never have believed it.
This strangerthis gentleman who was in no way of noble birthcould pass for her husband.
The stranger let out a slight moan of pain, and something in her snapped.
We have to help him.
Ill get him, Your Grace, Appleton said, handing her the lantern.
She stepped back and held it for him as he gently lifted the stranger.
He needs help.
If were not careful, were going to lose him.
It took her a moment to realize he meant that this stranger could die if they didnt tend to his wounds.
But Who can we get to help him?
No one will believe my husband got beat up like this.
I have a friend who wont ask questions.
Surprised, she asked, You do?
An old friend.
I havent seen him in years.
He went to study medicine while I went to work for your husbands father.
Will he be upset that we went to him at this late hour? she asked as he gingerly carried the stranger to the carriage.
No.
I believe hell be too concerned about this gentlemans wounds.
But what will we say?
We cant tell him we buried my husband and found this stranger on the road.
Ill tell him this is your husband and he got into a nasty brawl.
I dont think hell ask anything beyond that.
Then what?
Then we ask this stranger if hell pretend hes your husband.
She halted in her tracks for a moment until she could comprehend what he was saying.
She quickly started walking again so she could open the carriage door for him.
After she removed her cloak and set it on the seat so it wouldnt stain with the strangers blood, Appleton settled him along the length of the seat.
Appleton turned to face her.
Do you want to sit with him?
She studied the stranger.
His head was tilted to the side and his eyes were closed.
She doubted he would wake up before they reached their destination.
Ill sit in here, she decided.
And if nothing else, perhaps she could make sure he didnt slide off the seat.
If you change your mind, tap on the roof and Ill stop, Appleton replied.
With a nod, she let him help her into the carriage and sat across from the stranger, close enough to help him remain in place if needed but far enough so she wouldnt have to touch him if she didnt have to.
As Appleton shut the door, she dared another good look at the stranger.
She couldnt see anything but his silhouette, but even so, the likeness between him and her husband sent a chill up her spine.
Oh God, let him be a kind gentleman, she prayed.
If they could just work out an agreement and get along amiably enough, it would solve all her problems.
The carriage moved forward.
She rubbed her eyes and thought of what an exhausting day itd been.
So much had happened and was still happening.
She knew her life would never be the same, but the question lingering in her mind was whether it would be better or worse?
She turned her gaze to the stranger who remained unconscious.
Only time would tell if she and Appleton had made a wise move or a tragic mistake.
* Chapter Three Chapter Three{{{1 Chapter Three
What do you think?
Will he live? Appleton asked his friend, Dr. Grant, after he tended to the strangers wounds.
Anna stood up from where she waited in the drawing room with Appleton.
Dawn was still a ways off, but she hoped to make it back to Camden while it was still dark so they could sneak back in undetected.
Any kind of light might be their undoing.
Forcing her attention off the window, she turned to the doctor.
She hadnt understood how close the stranger had been to death when they arrived at the doctors residence, but now that she did, it was a wonder he survived the carriage ride.
Dr. Grant wiped his hands on a clean towel.
Yes, hell live, but if you hadnt brought him here when you did, hed probably be dead. He looked at Anna and smiled.
I hate to say it, Your Grace, but your husband knows how to get himself into trouble.
Offering a weak smile in return, she said, Hes a gentleman who isnt afraid to speak his mind. At least that was the truth.
Apparently not.
But luck was with him tonight.
He sustained some injuries to his head, ribs, back and shoulder.
Ill give you some medicine to help speed his recovery.
With enough care and attention, he should be as good as new in due time.
Can we take him home? she asked, hoping her desperation to get back didnt show.
Appleton glanced at her before he added, His Grace is more comfortable at home.
Recalling the old sheets on her husbands bed, Anna decided shed change them before they let the stranger sleep in that bed.
Ill help you take him home, Dr. Grant said as he led them out of the drawing room.
She shot Appleton a startled look, so Appleton spoke up on her behalf.
Theres no need to go through all that trouble.
All that we ask is that you keep tonights events to yourself.
We dont want word to get around about His Graces undesirable behavior.
The last thing we need is a scandal.
You have my word.
I wont tell a soul.
Relieved, Anna followed the gentlemen down the hallway and to the room where the stranger was resting.
She still shivered when she looked at him, even though he wasnt her husband.
If she hadnt buried her husband, shed swear this man was him.
To her surprise, the stranger opened his eyes.
She shot a startled look at Appleton.
All they needed was for him to tell Dr. Grant that he had no idea who they were.
I see that youre awake, the doctor told him, checking the bandage on his forehead.
Youre a fortunate gentleman.
Appleton cleared his throat.
May I have a word with you, in private, Doctor?
Certainly. He nodded as he lifted the bed sheet to check the gauze around his ribs.
Everything looks good. With a slight bow, he set the sheet back down.
Ill be back shortly.
Im sure youd like a moment alone with your wife.
The strangers eyes darted to Anna, and she nearly froze on the spot.
If he said she wasnt his wife, then everything would be ruined.
A very tense moment passed before Anna realized he wasnt going to respond to Dr. Grants statement.
Slightly relieved, she finally smiled in an attempt to become friends with him.
Appleton and the doctor left the room.
As Appleton turned to shut the door, he looked in her direction, sending her a silent message that wished her luck.
She gave a slight nod and waited for the door to close before she went to the strangers bedside.
She pulled up a chair and sat next to him.
She smiled again and was rewarded when he smiled at her in return.
Well, that was good.
He was at least friendlier than her husband had been.
It seemed all he could do was scowl, unless he was having fun at anothers expense.
Shifting in her seat so she could lean forward, she lowered her voice.
I cant begin to imagine what you must be thinking, but if youll kindly let me state my case, perhaps we can work out an arrangement that will benefit us both.
He held his hand up to stop her from speaking further and cleared his throat.
Youre my wife?
Her face flushed.
Oh, yes.
About that, I
Youre beautiful.
She paused, surprised that was his response.
He should have been asking her what was going on since hed never laid eyes on her a day in his life.
Excuse me?
Im afraid I dont remember you.
No, you dont.
He winced and rubbed his forehead.
Im afraid I dont remember anything.
Unsure of what he meant by anything, she decided to help clarify the situation.
I think I can help.
Im a duchess.
Im a duke?
Wellyes.
I mean, if you want to be.
Its who I am, isnt it?
Youre my wife, and if youre a duchess, then it means I must be a duke.
Her eyebrows furrowed.
You dont remember who you are?
He shook his head and reached out to hold her hand.
He gave it a gentle squeeze before letting out a low sigh.
I dont remember anything.
I cant remember my name, my age, where I live, what I do, or He glanced around the room then lowered his gaze to his body.
Or how I ended up here.
But you know all of that because youre my wife, right?
She studied him, trying to determine if he was being sincere or having fun at her expense.
His green eyes met hers, and she knew he was telling her the truth.
He squeezed her hand again, and she looked down at the way his hand was clasped around hers.
It was a soft touch, not threatening and certainly not demanding.
She returned her gaze to his.
He seemed like the kind of gentleman whod help her if he understood the situation, but since he didnt remember his past, then perhaps it wasnt necessary to divulge everything.
Will you excuse me for a moment? she asked him.
Youll be coming back?
Yes.
I wont be but a couple minutes.
He nodded.
All right.
Thanking him, she stood up and hurried out of the room.
Quietly shutting the door behind her, she strode down the hall until she came to the drawing room where Appleton was talking to Dr. Grant.
Appleton stood from the chair where he was having tea and went over to her.
What is it, Your Grace?
Lowering her voice so the doctor wouldnt overhear, she said, He doesnt remember anything.
And when I say anything, I mean anything.
Hes lost his memory? Appleton whispered.
She nodded.
And if he was beaten and left for dead, then someone out there doesnt like him.
She nodded again, even though she had no idea if that should be a concern or not.
He didnt strike her as a bad person.
Shed been intimidated by her husband when she first met him, but she assumed that was because hed been a duke and shed been an eighteen-year-old lady having her first Season.
Well take him to Camden, and then Ill do a search to see if I can find anyone who knows him, Appleton finally whispered.
In the meantime, I think its best to limit what we tell him.
That sounded like a good way to proceed, so she agreed.
Appleton turned to Dr. Grant.
Im sorry, but we cant stay any longer.
Dont be sorry, Dr. Grant said and faced Anna.
Im just relieved your husband will be all right.
Let me gather the supplies youll need, and then you can be on your way.
She breathed a sigh of relief.
At least this part of the ordeal was over.
Now it was a matter of getting him home.
From there, she and Appleton would have to decide what to do.
***
By the time Anna and Appleton got the stranger back to Camden and into a clean bed, Anna was exhausted, but she knew their task was far from over.
They had to explain his injuries to Dr. Unger who was due by at ten that morning.
As dawn came up over the horizon, she glanced at Appleton who tucked the clean bedding around the strangers body.
Fortunately, the medicine from Dr. Grant had made him sleepy so she was spared from having to answer any questions he might have.
She examined the bandages, gauzes, ointments, and medicines on the table by the bed.
Appleton, should we hide these when Dr. Unger comes here?
Appleton went over to her.
Hell see hes been tended to by another doctor.
Hell know something happened.
What we need is an explanation for why he has cuts and bruises on his body.
She sighed and rubbed her forehead, willing the ache to subside.
I cant think of a good reason.
Cant we just tell him that my husband is well and that his services are no longer required?
Not without arousing suspicion.
She groaned and sank into the chair by the table.
What are we going to do?
We cant explain something like that when hes been in bed the entire time.
Appleton clasped his hands behind his back and paced the room a few times before he stopped and looked in her direction.
A fall.
What?
If he got out of bed, he could have fallen.
A fall that is hard enough can lead to bruises and broken ribs.
We can say he fell down the stairs.
That kind of fall can do substantial damage.
And the cuts?
He could have caught a few nicks on his way down.
He could have scratched himself if he tried to cover his face. He shrugged.
This gentleman also has some bruises on his legs.
Whoever did this, they wanted to make sure he was in pain before he died.
She shivered as she thought of the reasons why someone would want to do that.
Do you think we made a mistake in bringing him here?
I dont think we had any other choice, Your Grace.
At least we know Lord Mason wont be taking your husbands place.
If this gentlemen, he motioned to the stranger, turns out to be an unsavory sort, I think itd behoove you to live somewhere else.
He lost his memory, so well tell him that you were only here until he got better.
All right.
But do you think the doctor will believe he fell?
I dont know, but he cant prove he didnt.
That was true.
Everyone is getting up for the day, Appleton said and helped her stand up from the chair.
I need to change clothes and tend to my duties.
Try to get some sleep.
Before he could leave the room, she grabbed his arm.
Youll make sure Im there with the doctor?
If he doesnt believe this stranger fell down the stairs
Hell have to believe it because theres no way hell assume a lady buried her husband in the middle of the night, found a lookalike husband, and brought him back here.
And these medical supplies? she asked, turning to them.
Well say that its very fortunate I had a personal friend who was a doctor who came for a stay last night.
What a pity it is that he had to leave early in the morning.
Its too much of a coincidence.
Maybe, but what are the chances wed find a gentleman who looks exactly like your husband?
He had a good point.
They were already going to tell one lie.
What were a few more?
From this point forward, their lives would revolve around keeping their secret safe.
Your Grace, try to get some rest.
When the doctor comes, well deal with it then, Appleton softly said.
Youre right. Her hand tightened around his arm.
Thank you.
Youre welcome.
I can only hope the new duke will deserve you.
Touched by his care and concern, she smiled before she turned to the door leading to her bedchamber.
The night had been a long one, and it was likely that the day would be even longer.
But she would get through it.
Weary, she slipped into her bedchamber and took a light nap.
***
Three days later, the gentleman woke from his slumber and winced from the pain in his forehead.
The door opened, so he turned his head in time to see the ladyhis wifeenter the room.
She appeared to him every day as an angel with her golden hair framing her head like a halo.
He spent all of his time in bed, the medicine making him sleep so he could heal, so he didnt often wake up in time to see her.
He was glad he woke up when he did.
Each day, he felt better, but he still didnt remember anything up to the night when a doctor was tending to his wounds.
That was the first night he saw her and learned she was his wife.
And ever since, she tended to him, cleaning his wounds and seeing to his needs.
As she had the day before, she set down a bowl of clean water by his bed and touched the bandage on his forehead.
How do you feel? she asked him, her voice soft and tender.
Better, thanks to you. He tried to sit up, but his strength faltered.
Please dont strain yourself. She helped him settle back in a comfortable position and fluffed his pillow for him.
You need your rest.
I get impatient.
I understand, but I promise these days will pass and youll be feeling like your old self in no time.
He nodded, knowing she was right.
Mind if I ask what my old self was like?
She glanced at him for a moment before removing the bandage from his forehead.
I think the ointment the doctor gave us is doing wonders.
Youll have a scar but nothing more.
Why wont you answer my questions?
Every time I ask you something, you avoid the topic.
She placed his old bandage on the table and dipped a clean cloth into the bowl.
Do I?
Yes.
You start talking about my wounds.
With a sigh, she shrugged and turned back to him so she could dab his forehead with the water.
I dont know what to tell you.
So much has happened in the past. She cleared her throat and put more ointment on his forehead.
I dont even know where to begin.
That was fair enough, he decided.
After thinking it over, he asked, How did we meet?
She picked up a clean bandage and placed it over his wound.
Her fingers brushed his skin, almost tickling him.
I dont remember all of the details.
It happened six years ago.
What do you remember?
She sighed.
Isnt there something else youd rather learn?
Disappointed since she didnt want to answer his question, he considered other things he wanted to know.
He never felt right in forcing her to answer his inquiries, which was why he hadnt had any luck in learning about his past.
All right.
I would like to know your name.
I am the Duchess of Watkins.
No, not your title.
I want to know your name. When she didnt reply, he asked, Do we refer to each other by our Christian names since were married?
Actually, we dont.
We refer to each other as Your Grace.
He frowned.
We do?
She nodded.
But why?
With a shrug, she checked his nose.
Does this hurt?
Its a little sore but not too bad.
She turned her attention to his ribs and lightly patted the gauze.
Do you feel any better than you did this morning?
Yes.
Now will you please answer me?
Her gaze met his and she shook her head.
You sure are persistent when youre awake.
Is that something new about me?
She brought her hands up to his shoulder and peeled back the bandage to inspect his cut.
Just as I suspected.
Youre bleeding.
You need to stop trying to sit up without my help.
He groaned.
Ill sit up right now unless you tell me your name.
What? She turned her bewildered eyes to him.
You cant be serious.
Frustrated, he got up on his good elbow to show her that he was, indeed, serious.
Anna!
My name is Anna.
Satisfied, he settled onto his back, relieved his bluff had paid off since he didnt have the energy to sit up.
As it was, his head was spinning.
Though she didnt say anything, he could tell she was irritated by the way she threw the bandage on the table.
Wishing he hadnt upset her, he took her hand in his and squeezed it.
Im sorry.
I didnt want to annoy you.
I just wanted to know your name.
She relaxed and gave his hand a gentle squeeze before pulling her hand away from his.
Its hard to explain why we dont refer to each other by our Christian names, but we never have.
He hesitated for a moment then asked, What is my name?
She bit her lower lip.
Well? he pressed.
Bringing the wet cloth to his bad shoulder, she cleaned his wound, and though she was gentle, he winced.
Forgive me.
I know it hurts, but I cant think of anything I can do to ease the pain.
You can tell me my name, he replied through gritted teeth.
For the first time since he started asking her questions, she laughed.
You really dont give up when you want something.
Does that mean youre going to answer me?
Very well.
The Duke of Watkins Christian name is Jason.
His eyebrows furrowed.
That was an odd way of answering him.
Why didnt she come out and say his name was Jason?
Were they that formal with each other?
Im sorry.
She dabbed ointment on his shoulder.
Sorry about the name being Jason?
No.
Im sorry that I said or did something in the past to make you think you cant be more personable with me.
She paused, and though she didnt make eye contact with him, he detected the unshed tears in her eyes.
I dont know what kind of husband Ive been to you, but Id like it if we could start over.
I love your name, and Id like to call you by it, if thats all right?
A tear slid down her cheek, and she quickly brushed it away.
I cant.
Im sorry, but I cant.
You must refer to me as Your Grace and I must refer to you asas
Your Grace? he filled in for her.
She gulped and finished applying the ointment.
Once she placed a fresh bandage over his wound, there was a knock at the door.
Ill be right back, she whispered before she stood up and wiped her hands on the cloth.
He watched her as she left, hoping he hadnt said anything that made things worse.
She made her way quietly to the door and opened it a crack.
He couldnt see who was on the other side of the door, but he saw her nod and promise the person shed talk to him shortly.
When she turned back to him, she picked up the cloth and placed it in the bowl.
Are you leaving? he asked.
Yes.
Will you be back?
Yes.
When will you be back? he pressed.
Soon.
How soon is soon?
She groaned.
Soon.
After a moment, he asked, You wont stop coming to see me will you?
I come in to check on you every hour.
What makes you think Ill stop?
He shrugged.
Because I ask too many questions?
At that, she smiled.
Ill be back before the clock chimes six.
I promise.
Relieved, he returned her smile, glad his angel would be back soon.
* Chapter Four Chapter Four{{{1 Chapter Four
Anna shut the door of the bedchamber and followed Appleton down the hallway and down the stairs.
She clutched the bowl and damp cloth, fighting the urge to insist he tell her what he learned about the stranger right away.
She dreaded what he might have discovered, but she needed to know.
If the stranger already had a wife, he needed to go back to her.
When she and Appleton reached the drawing room, he shut the door and she placed the bowl on the desk.
Turning to him, she asked, What is it?
What did you learn about the stranger?
He shrugged.
Nothing.
Nothing?
But did you show the people who live around the forest my husbands portrait?
I did, but no one recognized him.
Its like he came out of nowhere.
Is it possible that you ran across the reprobates who left him in the forest?
Its very possible, Your Grace. Appleton took a deep breath and released it.
Since they want him dead, they wouldnt dare mention they know him.
So there is no wife?
No.
Relieved, she sank into a chair and relaxed.
She hadnt been aware of how anxious shed been for the past three days, worrying that someone was going to tell her that she kidnapped the stranger, that his wife and children needed him.
Now there would be no reason to send him away, and really, why would it be to his advantage to return if Appleton took him back to the forest?
He wouldnt know where to go, and those men who wanted him dead would most likely finish the job.
It seemed that the safest recourse they had was to keep him here.
Hed pretend to be her husband and protect her from Lord Mason.
Shed give him her husbands title and name, and protect him from whoever wanted to kill him.
And the estate would be better off without Lord Mason running it into the ground with his notorious spending habits.
Having him here was the best thing for everyone.
Your Grace? Appleton asked.
Unaware hed asked her a question, she turned her gaze in his direction.
Im sorry, Appleton.
What did you want to know?
I wondered if we should proceed with our plan and get the gentleman upstairs acquainted with being a duke?
She nodded and stood up.
Yes.
I see no reason to delay it.
Very good, Your Grace. He picked up the bowl.
Ill take care of this and assure the others that His Grace is on the mend.
Just as she was ready to thank him, the footman opened the door and bowed.
Your Grace, Lord Mason has come by for a visit.
She cringed.
Of all times for him to show up!
Knowing she couldnt delay seeing Lord Mason without arousing his suspicions, she nodded her consent to let him into the drawing room.
Lord Mason came in and bowed.
She gave the obligatory curtsy but refused to make eye contact with him.
I came to inquire after my dear brothers health, he said, hands clasped behind his back and his eyebrows raised in interest.
She swallowed the lump in her throat and squared her shoulders back.
If she was going to lie, she needed to make it as convincing as possible.
Youll be happy to know hes on the mend.
A flicker of disappointment crossed his face before he smiled.
Is he?
Then this is good news.
Yes. She cleared her throat.
Yes, it is. Though not for you, I suppose.
May I see him?
Oh, well She glanced at Appleton who gave a slight nod.
Of course, you may, Lord Mason.
Im sure His Grace will be delighted to see you. She held her hand out to Appleton.
Ill take the bowl upstairs and dab his forehead with some cool water.
Lord Mason chuckled.
Please tell me you dont do menial tasks as the mistress of the estate.
I dont consider caring for my husband a menial task, she told Lord Mason as she retrieved the bowl and cloth.
I enjoy it.
He crossed his arms in amusement.
Do you?
Lifting her chin in the air, she replied, When its a task done out of love, it gives one a sense of joy.
If you say so He chuckled again and motioned to the doorway.
Ladies first.
She forced her feet forward, acutely aware of the way his eyes scanned the length of her body as she passed him.
Ignoring him, she strode down the hall and up the stairs.
Shed given him way too much power in the past.
Well, that wouldnt be the case any longer.
From now on, shed never let him see any weakness in her.
He wasnt going to take her husbands place.
The kind stranger was, and now that she had his protection, Lord Mason couldnt touch her.
She reached the top of the stairs and made it to the bedchamber.
Since Lord Mason insisted on walking too close behind her, she didnt bother to pause and check to make sure the stranger was awake before entering the room.
The stranger glanced her way and smiled.
You came sooner than I hoped.
Lord Mason stepped by her and strode over to his bed.
My dear, dear brother!
I hear you are feeling better.
He looked between her and Lord Mason who threw his arms wide open as if he planned to hug him then let out a sigh of happiness and dropped his arms to his side.
To think the last time we talked, you looked as if you were ready to take that first step into eternity.
But here you are, and youre on the mend. Lord Mason went over to the table by the bed and lifted the candle so he could get a better look at him.
However, the last time I saw you I dont recall you being covered in bruises.
What in the world happened?
Before he could speak, Anna cleared her throat and took a step toward the bed.
He fell, Lord Mason.
Turning to her, he asked, Fell?
Yes.
He developed a fever, and when it was at its worst, he grew delirious.
I tried to keep him in bed, but he thought he needed to ride his horse so he could singlehandedly defeat Napoleon.
He thought he was going to defeat Napoleon?
All on his own?
I told you the fever made him delirious.
Lord Mason arched an eyebrow.
Thats rather strange.
When I talked to him, he was rather lucid.
She shrugged.
It happened suddenly.
There was no preparing for it.
All right.
So he decided to be the hero and then what?
Realizing that the stranger was watching herand believing everything she was saying, she took a deep breath and proceeded with her and Appletons lie.
He left the bedchamber and fell down the stairs.
A fall down the stairs? Lord Masons eyes grew wide in what she suspected was false horror.
Then my brother is a very fortunate man indeed, for such a fall should have killed him. He turned to the stranger and added, Usually, a fall down the stairs would break ones neck.
It seems like I know how to take a fall, he replied.
Anna and Lord Mason turned their attention to him.
Pardon? Lord Mason asked him.
It was a joke, he said.
I survived the fall down the stairs because I know how to take a fall. When neither of them laughed, he sighed.
Apparently, it wasnt a very good one.
Ive never known you to joke, Lord Mason replied.
With a chuckle, he added, Now we know why.
Youre no good at it.
Anna decided if Lord Mason was going to learn about his amnesia, she should do it before the stranger had the chance.
The fall did more damage than you realize.
It was because of it that he lost his memory.
His memory? Lord Mason asked, his eyes wide.
Yes.
He doesnt remember anything.
Lord Mason leaned over him and furrowed his eyebrows.
This isnt another bad joke is it?
Im afraid not.
I dont remember you.
Really?
Anna set the bowl down on the table, hoping to break the tension in the room as Lord Mason tried to stare him down in a silent move to intimidate him.
He not only lost his memory, but he tires easily, she said.
Healing is hard on the body.
He has several bruises, cuts and broken ribs.
He needs plenty of rest.
Im sure he does, Lord Mason snickered.
She frowned.
She realized he was skeptical over what happened, but it almost seemed like he was playing cat and mouse with them.
Lord Mason gave him a good jab in the side, and he winced.
Oh, forgive me, dear brother.
I make it a habit of playfully nudging you in the side.
Weve done it since we were children.
Id have your wife verify this, but its something she doesnt know about.
Its a shame you dont remember it.
It was on the tip of her tongue to suggest he stop trying to bait the stranger, but she managed to hold her tongue.
Anything she said would only make things worse.
His suspicions were already raised.
She didnt need to add fuel to the fire.
I wont intrude any longer on your time with your wife, Lord Mason told him.
Its very kind of her to tend to your wounds when a servant could do it.
She must love you very much. With a glance in her direction, he added, Who knew?
She clasped her hands together so she wouldnt shove him out the door as he left the room.
She closed her eyes and counted the seconds until she could hear his footsteps going down the hallway and toward the stairs.
Once she did, she shut the door to the room and released her breath.
Her gaze went to the stranger who smiled at her.
You tend to my wounds because you love me? he softly asked.
Unsure of how to answer that question, she went over to him.
Im your wife.
Caring for your needs is something I do. She reached under his shoulders.
Lets see how your back is healing.
He obliged and aided her and rolled to his side.
Do I like my brother?
I dont know. And that was the truth.
She had no idea if her husband had ever liked his brother or not.
Most of the time, it didnt seem like the two had a good relationship, but how could she know for sure?
Dont worry about it.
Whats important is that youre feeling better. So he wouldnt ask her anything else about Lord Mason, she quickly added, You wanted to know about the first time we met?
As she inspected his back to see how the bruises were healing, he said, Yes, I would.
Are you ready to tell me?
Yes. She was as ready as she was ever going to be.
I was in my first Season and enjoying a walk through Hyde Park with a friend when an inconsiderate gentleman insisted on joining us.
My friend and I asked him to leave us alone, and though he went his way for a few minutes, he returned.
She wiped one of the cuts along his upper back with a cloth.
Even though it wasnt necessary, she added more ointment to his back so she could avoid eye contact with him.
You noticed that the gentleman wouldnt leave us alone, she continued, so you politely suggested he find some other form of entertainment.
We were grateful for your assistance, and after a brief conversation, we learned wed be attending the same ball that evening. Blinking back the tears from one of the few good memories shed had of her husband, she added, At the ball, you asked me to dance, and it was then that I knew I wanted to be with you.
So we married because we loved each other? he asked, glancing over his shoulder.
I dont know if we loved each other, but I was fond of you and thought that in time She decided not to finish the sentence, but if she had, she would have admitted aloud that she thought the Duke of Watkins had been worth loving.
And that was the last thing she wanted to think.
Anyway, theres not much else to tell about how we met.
We danced, you talked to my parents, and soon we got married in front of family and friends.
That doesnt sound very exciting, he said.
Unable to resist the chuckle that rose up in her throat, she asked, And what would have made it exciting?
I suppose something exciting would have been if I had saved you from the threat of a wild animal attack or gained control over a horse that youd been riding which had broken free of your reins and was galloping out of town.
She laughed harder.
Neither of those scenarios are likely to happen in London.
Hmm.
Then perhaps I could have saved you from a burning building.
You have lofty ambitions, Your Grace.
I think if I am going to be someone worth marrying, I ought to do something impressive.
She finished putting the ointment on his back and changed the towel on the mattress so hed have a clean one to rest on.
After he was settled onto his back, she wiped her hands on a clean cloth and sat beside him.
What else do you want to know?
The more she told him about being the duke, the better off hed be when he talked to his friends, and now that she knew there was nothing binding him to his past life, she felt safe in moving forward.
Can I have some water? he asked.
My throat feels dry.
Of course. She stood up and filled his glass with water.
When she turned back to him, she remembered that he needed to be sitting up and placed his glass back on the table.
I need to help you up.
Once she helped him up, he finished his drink and she settled him back into the bed again, but before she sat in the chair, he patted the spot on the bed next to him.
Will you sit here?
I can see you better if you do.
With a nod, she did as he bid.
He took her hand in his, and she resisted the urge to pull away from him.
He was far too likable, far too gentle, far too appealing.
What do I enjoy? he asked.
What are my interests?
How long have I been a duke?
What do I do as a duke?
She carefully thought over his questions.
The last thing she wanted to tell him was that his favorite activities involved mistresses and gambling.
She licked her lips and exhaled.
All right.
You like to go to Whites when youre in London.
Whites?
Its a gentlemans club.
What do I do there?
She shrugged.
I dont know.
Gentlemens clubs are for gentlemen only, and what happens there is none of the wifes business.
Ill have to go there to find out then.
Maybe itll help spark a memory.
Maybe, she whispered, though she knew it wouldnt.
While in London, you enjoy going to the theatre.
Are you allowed to go to theatres?
Yes.
Did you go with me?
She nodded.
As his wife, it was her duty to attend social activities with him while in London.
Do you like the theatre? he asked.
Yes, I do. It was the one thing she enjoyed doing, though she couldnt say she cared to do it with her husband.
She just enjoyed going there.
We should do that.
Well have to do it when we go to London.
And when will that be?
Im not sure, she replied.
Maybe next spring.
What season is it now?
Autumn.
When do people usually go to London?
In the spring.
His smiled widened.
Then I should be well enough to go to London when its spring, and you can take me to the theatre so I can see why I enjoy it.
Despite her apprehension about going to London with him, she felt herself softening and wanting to do what he wanted in order to please him.
All right, but you must be healed enough first.
Ill be good and get plenty of rest.
Youre hard to say no to, Your Grace.
He sighed.
Wont you call me Jason?
She shook her head.
Im sorry, but I cant.
And you wont let me call you Anna?
I think itd be better if you didnt.
Why not? he wondered, his thumb stroking the top of her hand in a way that made her heart give an unexpected flutter.
Wishing to change the topic, she said, You enjoy horseback riding, fox hunts, andand She struggled to think of another activity her husband liked that hadnt involved drinking, mistresses or gambling, but her mind drew a blank.
What about my parents?
When did I become a duke?
What do I do as a duke?
Deciding those were safer questions to answer, she relaxed and told him all about her husbands upbringing and role as a duke.
* Chapter Five Chapter Five{{{1 Chapter Five
A month later, Jason felt well enough to examine his bedchamber.
He saw a small room off to the side of the main room.
Curious, he entered it and studied the intricate carving along the edges of the desk.
The top was clear, but he thought the drawers might hold some clues to his past so he pulled them open.
He sorted through the papers, but given his lack of memory and inability to read, the names and numbers made no sense to him.
In one of the drawers was a locked safe.
Next to it was a key, which he used to unlock it.
More papers.
He sighed.
How unfortunate it was he couldnt read.
He locked the safe and put the key in the cabinet next to his bed since that seemed like a safer place for it.
He returned to the desk and resumed his search.
In another drawer, he saw a couple bottles of liquor.
The door to his bedchamber opened.
Eager to see Anna, he carefully rose to his feet, ready to greet her.
To his surprise, a couple of maids followed Anna into the bedchamber, carrying a bathtub and buckets of water.
He watched as they filled the tub, and after they left the room, Anna closed the door and turned to him.
Youre in need of a bath, Your Grace, she said as she approached him.
Do I smell bad?
Terribly.
He sniffed himself and coughed.
All right.
I agree.
I need a bath.
She giggled.
Did you doubt me?
No, but I had no idea I was that filthy.
I wiped you down the best I could when I gave you those sponge baths, but I could only do so much.
His lips curled up at her slight joke.
He didnt know why, but he got the feeling that she rarely made a light-hearted comment, let alone tell an outright joke.
She walked over to him and held her hand out.
Do you think you can get into the tub on your own or would you like help?
Since he welcomed any chance to touch her, he said, I better not take the chance.
He slipped his arm over her shoulders.
A sharp pain twisted in his side, and he stumbled as they rounded the bed.
She had to hold him so he wouldnt fall forward.
His face warmed from embarrassment.
He knew he was having a rough time bouncing back from being ill and injured, but hed hoped he could manage the walk across the room without incident.
She offered him a sympathetic smile and patted his chest.
Theres no need to be uncomfortable around me.
I dont mind if youre not graceful.
Even though she meant those words, he still didnt like the fact that he had bouts of weak moments when she was in his presence.
I didnt think to ask this before, but dont I have someone who helps me with getting dressed or with my baths?
You did have a valet tend to your needs six months ago, but you dismissed him, she replied as they reached the tub.
I did?
Why?
She shrugged.
I dont know.
You didnt feel the need to tell me.
But you dont make it a habit of helping me with my baths, do you?
No, but then, youve never needed help before.
Please undress and get in the tub.
He couldnt argue her logic, so he removed his clothes.
He probably shouldnt have been self-conscious since she was his wife.
Shed seen him naked many times in the six years theyd been married, except he didnt remember any of it.
He was acutely aware that she was standing next to him.
He glanced her way as he slipped off his underwear.
Relieved that her gaze remained above his waist, he handed her his clothes.
While she put them in a basket for the laundry maid, he grabbed the edge of the tub and gingerly stepped into it.
He sank into the water, which wasnt overly hot but warm enough to ease his muscles.
He let out a low contented sigh.
Anna picked up a cloth and soap from the table and turned her tender eyes his way.
Feeling better?
He nodded.
Much.
If Id known how good itd feel to be in this water, I would have asked for a bath sooner.
With another one of her angelic smiles, she dipped the cloth into the water and rubbed soap on it.
Yes, but I dont think you would have had the strength to sit up.
The doctor said you should be able to take brief walks by the end of the week.
He doesnt want you to push yourself too hard, but the longer you lie in bed, the harder itll be for you to heal.
It almost seems like a contradiction to say that too much rest is bad for me.
She chuckled.
Perhaps, but its true. She ran the soapy cloth along his back, starting at his shoulders and slowly working her way down.
Youre healing nicely.
Your bruises are almost gone.
He noticed that even as she used pressure on his back to wash him, she was gentle, preferring to use short strokes to wipe any lingering dirt from his back.
She was always gentle with him, taking the time to patiently bring him back to health.
Touched by the care and concern she continually showed him, he cleared his throat and whispered, Its too bad I took that fall down the stairs.
If I hadnt, Id remember everything.
Id like to remember everything, especially you.
Like the first time I saw you at Hyde Park or the evening I proposed to you. He glanced over his shoulder and added, You must have been a beautiful bride.
Her eyebrows furrowed and she stopped washing his back.
Did I say something wrong? he asked, wondering why her expression seemed to darken at his words.
With a slight shake of her head, she dipped the cloth back into the tub and rubbed more soap into it.
No.
You didnt say anything wrong.
I just need more soap, thats all.
He sensed there was something she wasnt telling him but decided it didnt matter.
At least not right now.
She was probably overwhelmed by everything.
Perhaps hed never told her she was beautiful before.
Maybe this was the first time hed said something that nice to her.
He thought to say that he was sorry about the past, that he would try to be the kind of husband who deserved her.
He started to tell her this, but when he opened his mouth, he wasnt sure how.
He would tell her at some point, but today wasnt the day.
To his surprise, she handed him another cloth and the soap.
For your front, she informed him when he didnt say anything.
Oh. He took the items and rubbed the soap into the wet cloth.
So Im going to start taking walks along the property soon?
The doctor said youll be ready next week, and he left a cane to help you.
Will you walk with me?
She brought the cloth lower along his back and rubbed it in soothing circular motions.
I will if you want me to.
Yes, I want you to. Judging by the uncertainty in her voice, he guessed he hadnt wanted to go walking with her in the past.
You can show me the grounds.
There are a lot of grounds.
Youll need to ride a horse or be in a carriage to see all of it.
Then we can go riding together.
She didnt respond.
Deciding he wouldnt press the issue further, he turned his attention to washing his chest and legs, glad that there were enough suds in the water to hide his erection.
The bath wasnt something he considered overtly erotic, but being in close proximity to Anna while naked had an unexpected effect on him.
He forced his thoughts back to washing himself off.
To his surprise, after she finished washing his back, she washed his hair.
Now this proved to be a very relaxing experience, so he closed his eyes and sighed.
She chuckled.
I thought you might enjoy it if I washed your hair.
Did you? he murmured.
She massaged his scalp and hummed a tune.
Not being familiar with it, he focused on the melody, wondering if hed heard it before.
It was pleasant with a touch of melancholy to it, something that didnt surprise him.
There was an underlying sorrow he sensed beneath her smiles, and suspecting he had something to do with that sorrow wasnt easy to think about.
But she dutifully came to his bedchamber to help him, and since she was nice to him, she must be willing to forget the past and start over.
Perhaps losing his memory was the best thing that happened to them.
When she was done, she retrieved a towel.
Once you dress, Ill have the laundry maid change your bedding.
He eased out of the tub, careful to mind his aching joints.
He accepted the towel from her and wrapped it around his waist.
She picked up another towel, and he thought she was going to hand it to him but she wiped the water off his chest and back.
Afterwards, she handed him the towel and set out his new clothes on a chair.
Do you feel up to eating more than soup tonight?
As he dried his hair with the towel, he nodded.
Yes.
In fact, Id love more substantial food.
What do I usually eat?
Your favorite meal is roast quail.
All right.
Can I have that?
Of course.
While you dress, Ill talk to Cook.
She left the room, and he hobbled over to the window, aware of the ache in his ribs.
He pushed open the curtains further to let more light into the room.
He took a moment to inspect the grounds.
From his vantage point, he saw a well- groomed landscape that was surrounded by trees.
His gaze went up to the sky, and he noted how clear it was.
Not a single cloud in sight.
He smiled.
The future stood before him and Anna, and he had a feeling it was going to be a good onemuch better than whatever had been in their past.
He turned to his clothes and dressed, taking his time since he had to stop a few times when his sore muscles protested.
Recovery was taking time, and he had to remind himself that he needed to be patient.
Once he was done, he checked his reflection in the mirror.
He hadnt seen himself since he lost his memory, so it wasnt any surprise that nothing seemed familiar.
Most of his face was still bruised, but he noted the broad nose, the dimple in his chin, the high cheekbones, and high forehead.
His blond hair fell in waves to the shirts collar.
He stared at his reflection, hoping somethinganythingwould spark a memory, even if it was brief.
But nothing came.
With a shake of his head, he turned his attention to inspecting the rest of his body, noting his tall frame and slender build.
He was Jason Merrill, the Duke of Watkins, and he lived at Camden.
He closed his eyes and repeated what Anna had told him several times.
When someone knocked on the door, he opened his eyes and answered it, glad to see Anna had returned.
He wasnt sure what to make of her slight intake of breath, so he asked, Is something wrong?
She blinked several times before she offered a weak chuckle.
No, not at all.
You look good, Your Grace. She entered the room and gestured to the laundry maid.
Since youre decent, Ill let her change the sheets.
Of course, he replied and quickly stepped aside to allow the maid into the room.
The maid went into the room.
Anna went over to the window and opened the curtains wider than they were.
I see you looked at some of the grounds.
Yes. He approached her and turned his attention to the green landscape.
I like lots of sunlight in the room.
Do you? she asked.
Did I not tell you this in the past?
She hesitated for a moment and cleared her throat.
In the past, youve always had the curtains drawn.
I did?
She nodded, but she didnt explain further.
Instead, she said, There are a couple of hills on the other side of the estate, and a path that winds through a group of trees.
I think youll enjoy walking on that path.
It leads to a beautiful fountain.
You like that path a lot, he whispered, noting the wistful look in her eyes.
I do.
Its like being in another world.
It sounds romantic.
Well have to walk it.
She peered around him, so he turned to see what caught her attention.
The laundry maid had removed his old sheets and was putting on the new ones.
She looked back at him and asked, Do you feel up to coming downstairs for dinner tonight?
No, not yet.
I did good to walk around this room today. After a moment of silence passed between them, he ventured, Will you eat dinner with me tonight?
I dont know, she whispered, breaking eye contact with him.
Hesitant, he wondered if he should proceed or not.
She hadnt had any meals with him, and since hed been eating nothing but soups, he thought nothing of it.
But tonight he was going to have a real meal, and the fact that she didnt want to share it with him made him uneasy.
It was yet another indicator that things between them hadnt been what he wanted them to be.
Id like to have dinner with you, he insisted, his voice soft.
I promise I wont chew with my mouth open or spit when I talk. As he hoped, she chuckled at his joke.
How can I get you to eat with me?
Should I stand on my head or attempt a backflip?
Her eyebrows furrowed.
Those are odd things youd think to do.
They were the first things that came to mind, but Ill do them or anything else you request if it means I can secure your company for dinner.
She sighed.
Why do I get the feeling that youre not one to give up easily?
Havent I always been that way? he asked.
He expected her to say that it was, but she cleared her throat and stepped around him.
The bedding is done.
Ill inform the footman to bring both of our dinners up here.
As she led the laundry maid out of the room, he couldnt help but wonder if there was something important he didnt know but should?
And did he dare press the issue when it was clear their marriage had been on shaky ground prior to his illness?
It seemed to him the best recourse was to start fresh, to make this a new beginning for them both, and if he was going to make that new beginning, he couldnt afford to rehash the past.
Closing his eyes, he promised himself that he wouldnt think of the past anymore.
From now on, hed focus on the future and see where itd take him and Anna.
* Chapter Six Chapter Six{{{1 Chapter Six
A week later, Anna played her favorite melody on the piano in the drawing room.
Many times, this tune brought her a sense of peace, and right now, it seemed to be the only escape she had from her worries.
Her fingers pressed down on the keys as she closed her eyes.
As in times past, she tried to conjure up a world she often imagineda world where she was alone in a cottage near a stream surrounded by wildflowers and sunshine.
It was her special place, and she didnt dare tell anyone in case they laughed at her.
She was a duchess, a wealthy one at that.
Why would she have needed to escape to a better place?
But if people understood how shallow money was when one was miserable, then perhaps they wouldnt think it so strange that she loved her daydreams as much as she did.
A tear slid down her cheek, and she stopped playing so she could wipe it away.
Today her mental escape to the cottage with the gentle flowing stream wasnt coming.
For the life of her, she couldnt get the stranger out of her mind.
It shouldnt grieve her that he was so nice.
She should have welcomed it after years of feeling like she was walking on eggshells to accommodate her husband.
And yet And yet, he terrified her.
She didnt know how to respond to him.
It was her fear someone might realize he wasnt her husband and track down her husbands body rotting in the ground of the forest that compelled her to tend to him as much as she did.
As long as she could keep them from getting close, they might not suspect anything was different.
And the stranger was different.
It was easy to explain the lack of memory for things her husband had known and did.
But how could she explain why he hated quail or playfully joked around or asked for things instead of barking out orders?
It was so obvious that he wasnt the same person.
Someone was bound to notice, or so she feared.
I hoped you would finish the music, Appleton said as he entered the room.
She blinked back another tear and took a deep breath so he wouldnt notice her weakness.
It was ironic how hed seen her at her weakest in the past when it came to her husband, but she didnt dare let him see how much the stranger unnerved her.
She straightened her back and cleared her throat.
I think I missed a note as I played, she finally replied and picked up from the beginning of the piece.
We cant get it right every time, Your Grace, he replied.
I thought you might like to have tea and scones.
Has it already been an hour since you came in to ask if I wanted them? She turned to the mantle above the fireplace and looked at the clock.
Yes, it has.
She turned her attention back to him and sighed.
Im afraid Im not in the mood to eat or drink anything.
Ill just wait until dinner.
As you wish.
I also came to inform you that the gentleman upstairs would like to see you.
Her heart pounded in a mixture of excitement and dread.
Oh?
I suspect hes getting restless staying in his bedchamber all day.
Yes, he probably is. She ran her fingers over the smooth keys of the piano and tried to decide if she should wait or go up there immediately.
You cant keep him away from the world forever, Appleton kindly said, his voice low.
I know.
He offered her an understanding smile.
I realize its easy for me to say that since Im not in the precarious position you are, but it is comforting to know hes a good gentleman.
But since he is a good gentleman, are we condemned for lying to him?
Were making him a liar right along with us.
Appleton sat on the bench next to her and kept his voice low so no one would overhear them.
And what would be the alternative?
Lord Mason becoming the duke?
Then what?
Of course, he was right.
Wherever the gentleman upstairs is from, its not from around here, he said.
I dont suppose well ever know what brought him to the forest that night or why someone wanted him dead.
Probably not, but I see no reason to worry about it.
Whatever he did to end up in the forest, Id rather have him be the duke than Lord Mason.
At least hell treat you well.
The sound of someone coming toward the drawing room caused them to stop talking.
She cleared her throat and faced the piano while Appleton hastened to his feet and approached the doorway.
To her surprise, the stranger entered the room.
Even if he had a cane to assist him, she didnt think he should be so careless.
She bolted from the bench and hurried over to him.
Your Grace, you shouldnt push yourself so hard.
I feel well enough to walk.
As long as I take it slow, Im fine, he assured her, glancing at Appleton.
Am I interrupting something?
No, she quickly replied.
Appleton was just telling me that you wished to see me.
Yes.
I got impatient waiting for you, so I figured Id come down to see you. He smiled in his usual disarming way.
I hope you dont mind.
No, no I dont mind.
I just dont want you to get a relapse, thats all.
Appleton cleared his throat.
Shall I bring in some tea?
Yes, please, she replied.
After he left, the stranger turned to the open book on the piano.
Do you make it a habit of playing this melody? He motioned to the songbook.
She closed the book and placed it on top of the other two books.
Yes.
Are you sure you feel well enough to be down here?
The doctor says youre making excellent progress, but I dont think you should push yourself too hard.
I told you Im fine. With a smile, he added, Do you like to play music?
Its something I do to pass the time. She didnt know why, but she didnt want to talk to him about it since she enjoyed it so much.
Maybe it was something that was too personal.
For sure, she had no intention of playing anything when he was in the room.
She moved away from the piano and pulled aside the curtains.
Its a pleasant day.
If you feel up to it, perhaps we should venture for a walk.
Nothing long, of course, but a brief one should be all right.
Some fresh air might do you good.
His gaze lingered on the piano, and she thought he might press her about her music.
But to her relief, he nodded and hobbled toward the settee.
She noted how much he relied on the cane and wondered exactly how extensive his wounds were.
She could only imagine what the men who beat him and left him for dead did to him, but considering the fact that he didnt remember and Appletons friend hadnt disclosed the details to her, itd always remain a mystery.
He eased onto the settee and let out a breath.
With a chuckle, he glanced her way.
I hope this wont get me in trouble, but I have to admit that sitting isnt as easy as it looks.
Her eyebrows furrowed and she took a step toward him.
Are you in pain?
Only a little. As she opened her mouth to suggest he take something for the pain, he added, Its a minor thing.
Im already feeling better.
She wasnt sure if he said that so she wouldnt send him right back upstairs to rest in bed.
He shot her a smile, and she averted her gaze.
Appleton came into the room and set the tray with the tea and scones on it.
Is there anything else you require of me?
The stranger looked at her, so she shook her head.
That will be all for now, thank you.
Appleton bowed and exited the room, closing the door behind him.
Will you sit?
Blinking, she turned her attention back to the stranger.
Though he patted the spot next to him on the settee, she opted to sit in the chair across from him.
I can pour the tea better if I sit here, she quickly explained before he asked her why she chose to sit away from him.
All right.
Even if he accepted her excuse, he had to know it was a lie.
She could reach the tea just fine from the settee.
But there was no way she could sit next to him.
Not when being near him was starting to stir up emotions shed long ago forgotten she could feel.
She poured their tea and dared a look in his direction.
She knew she couldnt keep thinking of him as the stranger, but she couldnt think of him as Jason either.
Perhaps it was time she settled on thinking of him as His Grace.
He was here to be the duke, after all, and it was appropriate she start thinking of him as such.
She realized putting him in her husbands place wasnt easy, but it was something she agreed to when she brought him here.
Releasing her breath, she handed him his cup, hoping he didnt detect the slight trembling of her hand.
As long as he didnt realize how nervous he made her, she could handle it.
He accepted the cup and scanned the room.
I take it this is primarily your room.
Really?
What makes you say that?
The flowers.
Theyre all over the place.
Curious, she turned from the tray and inspected the room.
They arent all over the place.
I only have two vases with flowers in them.
His smile widened.
Exactly.
Realizing he was joking, she relaxed and giggled.
If you think thats too much, just wait until you see all the flowers outside come spring.
The grounds are littered with them?
She picked up her cup.
You might feel faint if you think two vases full of flowers are too much.
Ill bring the smelling salts when we go for walks.
He laughed.
Im relieved to be in the hands of someone so practical.
I bet youve even figured out how youll carry me back into the house if I should faint.
I wouldnt carry you.
Id have the footman or, she stopped herself before she referred to Appleton by name in front of him, the butler do it.
As I said, you have it all figured out.
I am fortunate to be in such capable hands.
She took a sip of tea.
I trust you will manage during our brief walk.
Hopefully, youll manage the fallen leaves better than flowers.
You wouldnt want to be known as the duke who was defeated by such delicate things.
No, youre right.
Id most likely be the laughingstock of noblemen everywhere.
Her lips curled up at the way he shuddered.
She drank more tea, glancing at him as she did so.
The resemblance between him and her husband was still disturbing, and she had to remind herself the two werent the same person.
He reached toward the tray and picked up a scone to eat.
Its quite a strange thing, dont you think?
Whats strange?
That you can pick up your own scone? she asked, unable to resist teasing him.
No. He grinned and ate it.
When he finished, he added, Thats a good scone.
Did I always enjoy them?
I think so. She couldnt recall her husband ever saying he didnt like them, so it seemed like a safe answer.
I dont like quail like I used to, but I like scones.
I also still like baked eggs and roast chicken.
So some things I used to like, I still do, but for some reason, my favorite mealquailis no longer my meal of choice.
I find that hard to understand.
She shifted in her chair and shrugged, breaking eye contact with him as she did so.
I cant explain it, Your Grace. And really, she couldnt.
Not without causing a lot of problemsproblems shed rather avoid.
I suppose it doesnt matter.
What matters is that I still enjoy eating.
She nodded and finished her tea.
Eating is a good thing. She rose to her feet.
Are you ready for that walk?
What about the scones?
Dont you want some?
They really are good.
Ill eat a couple when we return.
You wont be able to take a long walk, Your Grace.
We wont be more than a few minutes.
He took another swallow of tea and set the cup on the tray.
Very well.
I will do as you suggest, Anna.
She clenched her hands together.
Whenever he said her name, it made her heart speed up, and that wasnt something she wanted to experience.
As he stood up, he lost his balance.
She ran over to him and wrapped her arm around his waist to help steady him before he tumbled to the floor.
Your Grace, are you all right?
A bit clumsy, Im afraid, but Ill manage, he said with a wry grin.
Though this is rather nice, dont you think? He put his arm around her shoulders and gave her a light squeeze.
Her face grew warm and she hastened to retrieve his cane.
Handing it to him, she said, Youll need this, Your Grace.
He took the cane.
Ignoring the disappointed look on his face, she turned from him and headed for the door, ready to open it.
Youre very kind, Anna, he softly said.
Her hand on the doorknob, she paused, acutely aware that he was watching her.
The heat of his stare made her tingle in excitement as much as it frightened her.
Unable to look back at him, she opened the door and managed to keep her voice surprisingly calm as she replied, Kindness has nothing to do with it, I assure you. Then, before he could respond, she slipped out of the room.
She took a deep breath to settle her nerves as she stood in the hallway.
It would take him a moment to catch up with her, and she was thankful for the reprieve from him, even if it only spanned a few seconds.
He was just a gentleman she found on the side of the road who needed healing as much as she needed a husband to ward off Lord Mason.
She needed to go back to thinking of him as the stranger.
It was the only way she could keep the distance she needed from him.
Maybe Appleton could let him slip into the role of her husband easily, but she couldnt do it.
She just couldnt open herself up to him that way.
She closed her eyes and swallowed the lump in her throat.
This was necessary.
She had no choice.
Lord Mason must never be the duke, and the stranger was the answer to her prayers.
As soon as he was well enough, hed start going to the gentlemans club, hunt, horseback ride, and do other things gentlemen did to fill up his days.
She wouldnt always have to be around him so much.
And at that time, the distance between them would be sufficient so he could slip into his role as a duke and she could continue being the duchess, much like she and her husband had done before.
The only difference would be that she would be treated well.
Surely, she could handle that.
Oh good, youre still here, the stranger said as he hobbled out of the room.
I was afraid you already took off running to enjoy the sunny day.
Her emotions settled, at least for the time being, she turned to him and offered a polite smile as the footman approached with their cloaks.
The gardener takes good care of the grounds, Your Grace.
On occasion, the visitors have commented on how beautiful the grounds are.
Do they?
As the footman helped her with her cloak, she nodded.
Yes.
Its a lovely sight.
Well, then were wasting time standing here talking, arent we?
Just as she was about to respond, the footman asked her, Will you require a parasol, Your Grace?
Surely, you dont want one of those on a perfectly good day like this, the stranger told her.
Its to protect my eyes from the sun, she informed him and nodded to the footman to indicate shed take it.
A hat for you, Your Grace? the footman asked him.
No thank you. As the footman retrieved the parasol for her, the stranger let out a regretful sigh.
Dont you want to feel the sun on your face?
Im not particularly interested in it.
Thats a shame.
She accepted the parasol from the footman when he returned but waited until the stranger had his cloak on before she left the house.
She opened her parasol and slowed her steps so he could keep up with her.
Why is it a shame that I dont want the sun on my face?
I was on the veranda outside my bedchamber earlier today, and you know what I discovered?
Though she suspected hed tell her even if she didnt say it, she asked, What?
The sun feels great.
She shifted her parasol to her other arm and peered up at him, noticing the way he tilted his face back and grinned.
She paused and waited as he stood still and soaked up the sun.
In all her years of marriage to her husband, he never once smiled the way this man was smiling now.
This man enjoyed life.
She wondered what it was like to embrace life with such abandon.
He opened his eyes and turned his gaze to her.
Put down the parasol and feel the warmth of the sun.
I dont need to lower my parasol for that.
Even with the chill in the air, I can feel how warm the sun is.
Though he sighed, his smile didnt falter.
Why do I have a feeling that youll fight me every step of the way?
Her eyebrows furrowed.
Fight you?
I dont recall us having an argument.
He started walking down the path that led to a fountain, so she joined him, allowing him to determine the pace theyd be walking.
While its true we havent had an argument, he began, you seem reluctant to do what I ask.
I dont understand.
Ive been eating meals with you, and Im walking with you as we speak.
But you hesitated when I extended the invitations, and just now, you hesitate to let the sunlight grace your face.
I dont blame you, Anna.
Whatever I was like in the past, its made it difficult for you to trust me.
How do you figure that?
Its in the way you hesitate.
I had to convince you to eat with me, and if I hadnt come down the stairs today, would you be walking with me right now?
We didnt often eat together in the past, and we never took walks.
You spent a lot of time detained in London, and I spent a good portion of my time here at Camden.
Why?
I dont know, she lied.
Its not a ladys place to ask where her husband spends his time.
Im sorry.
Theres nothing to be sorry for.
He held his hand up to stop her.
I might not remember what I did, but Im intelligent enough to see the result of my actions.
Youre my wife, and youve treated me with much kindness.
Kindness, I realize, that I dont deserve.
I might not be able to change the past, but Id like to do what I can to give us a good future.
What could she say to that?
He was innocent of everything her husband had done, and yet he was promising her something shed desperately wanted for so long.
She did the only thing she could think of to do: she nodded.
Seeming content with her response, his smile widened.
His gaze went to the fountain which was surrounded by red, orange, and yellow leaves.
Ah, I see Ive stumbled upon the first batch of leaves.
No, thats not the first.
If you look behind us, youll see we passed by some leaves close to those trees.
He glanced in the direction she pointed to.
How did I miss those?
Because hed been watching her the whole time, but she didnt dare tell him that.
Instead, she said, In the spring and summer white flowers surround the red ones in front of the manor, and if you look at them as you come here from the road, youll see the red ones spell Camden.
Do they? he asked, looking intrigued.
They do.
Id like to see that.
You will.
Come spring, well go for a carriage ride, and Ill make sure to point them out to you.
With one of his disarming smiles, he said, I look forward to it.
In the meantime, do you feel well enough to walk to the fountain and back to the house?
Yes.
It feels good to be outside after being cooped up inside for over a month.
Remember, dont overdue it.
You dont want to regret walking too much when tomorrow comes.
Ill be sure to take it slow.
Satisfied, she turned to the fountain and enjoyed the rest of her walk with him.
* Chapter Seven Chapter Seven{{{1 Chapter Seven
Two weeks later, Anna was playing an upbeat tune on her piano when Appleton entered the drawing room with something in his hand.
She stopped the music and focused on him.
I cant recall the last time I heard a melody so cheerful in this house, Appleton commented.
She shrugged and stood up so she could approach him.
I thought Id try something different today.
Is that letter for me?
For you and His Grace.
Its an invitation.
By the hesitant tone in his voice, she gingerly accepted it, her face going pale when she realized it was from Lord Mason.
As much as she didnt want to see what the contents of the invitation contained, she opened it and read it.
Lowering his voice, Appleton said, You dont have to accept it, Your Grace.
But if I dont, hell get curious and come out here again. And her newfound peace would be ruined.
What is that? the stranger asked.
Appleton stepped away from Anna.
Anna looked up from the invitation in her hands as the stranger entered the drawing room.
Youre without your cane? she asked him.
I dont need it anymore, he said.
She glanced at Appleton.
Will you be so kind as to ask the footman to get our cloaks?
After Appleton nodded and left, the stranger turned to her.
You mean I dont have to ask you to go for a walk with me today?
Thats not fair, Your Grace.
We went for a carriage ride yesterday, and that was my idea.
Only because you thought I was doing too much walking.
Does that matter?
He shrugged and smiled.
I suppose not.
Its actually a compliment that you worry about my health as much as you do.
Will we be discussing what youre holding in your hands during this walk?
Yes, I suppose we should.
It doesnt look pleasant.
She sighed.
Its not.
Appleton returned with their cloaks and asked him, Will Your Grace be going without a hat?
As they slipped on their cloaks, he grinned.
I cant refuse the opportunity to go without one.
I find them bothersome.
That was yet another difference between this gentleman and her husband, but she chose not to dwell on it or the possibility that Lord Mason might pick up on the fact that he wasnt really his brother.
Very well, Your Grace. Appleton bowed and led them to the front door where the footman waited for them before he opened it and handed her the parasol.
Once Anna and the stranger were outside, she almost didnt open her parasol right away so she could get an idea of what made him enjoy the sunlight touching his face as much as he did.
But he turned his gaze to her, an action which made her self-conscious enough to open it.
He shot her one of his charming smiles, and she tightened her grip on the handle of the parasol, praying he didnt detect her uncertainty.
She must keep thinking of him as the stranger she and Appleton found that night they buried her husband.
As long as she thought of him as the stranger, she could keep an emotional distance from him.
Each day, it was getting harder and harder to do that, and several times, she had slipped and almost thought of him as Jason.
But she hadnt even thought of her husband so intimately.
It was the strangers persistence on calling her Anna that made her feel closer to him than she wanted to be.
Will you escort me to the fountain? He offered his arm and looked at her with that hopeful expression that made her afraid shed give him anything he wanted.
She swallowed and debated whether she should take his arm or not.
Up to now, she hadnt touched him, except when she had cleaned his healing wounds.
He took her hand and placed it on his arm.
There.
Now I can feel like a true gentleman and let you escort me to the fountain.
Despite her apprehension at being so close to him, she chuckled.
Youll let me escort you?
If you were a true gentleman, youd be the one escorting me.
Hmm You have a good point, though to be honest, I dont mind it when you take the lead.
As long as you let me come with you, Im content.
At least youre not hard to please.
I try to be accommodating, he teased.
You are.
After a moment of silence passed between them as they strolled down the path to the fountain, he asked, Is now a good time to ask about the invitation you received?
Yes, she softly replied, thinking if she was going to do it, it might as well be now.
You remember Lord Mason?
He nodded.
My brother.
She winced and hoped he didnt notice since the parasol partially obstructed his view of her face.
Yes.
He came to visit you shortly after you lost your memory. She cleared her throat.
Hes having a dinner party in a week and were invited to attend.
What happens at dinner parties?
Not much, really.
You catch up on the latest gossip, eat, play a few games, and go home.
It doesnt sound like you enjoy them.
It depends on who attends the dinner parties.
They stopped at the fountain, and she sat beside him on the bench.
She fingered the invitation and glanced at him.
Considering the clothing hed been wearing when she and Appleton found him, she wondered if he could read it.
If he could, then hed understand, by the way Lord Mason worded the invite, what kind of gentleman he was.
Otherwise, it was hard to explain.
Can you read? she asked him.
I dont know.
As a duke, he should be able to, and it suddenly occurred to her that if someone were to find out he couldnt, then problems might arise, even if he did lose his memory.
To find out if he needed to be taught to read, she showed him the invitation.
Can you read this?
He studied the script and shook his head.
No.
She turned so she could face him.
This is very important.
You must not let anyone know you cant read.
Even if youve lost your memory, you dont want them to know youre illiterate. She took a deep breath and willed the image of Lord Masons smirk from her mind.
Some people dont care who they hurt.
Are you talking about my brother?
Choosing her words carefully, she replied, Lord Mason isnt someone Id voluntarily spend time with.
Why not?
What has he done?
Breaking eye contact with him, she shrugged and faced the fountain.
He hasnt done anything, exactly.
I dont know how to explain it, but even though hes of noble birth, hes not what a gentleman should be. And how it pained her to even think of him as a gentleman, but because of his status, she had to.
She cleared her throat.
As long as you dont let him get any power over you, youll be fine.
I dont understand.
How could he get power over me?
Did he manage that in the past?
No.
Youve never given him the opportunity. At least, her husband hadnt.
Try not to show him your weaknesses. He furrowed his eyebrows, and she knew he wasnt sure how to follow her advice.
If he makes you uneasy at all, leave the room.
After a moment, he nodded.
All right.
I can do that.
She really hated to go to the dinner party.
It was akin to sending him to the wolves since there would be times when hed be alone with the gentlemen while she would be with the ladies, but she didnt know what else she could do without arousing Lord Masons suspicions.
Do you worry I wont be able to handle him like I did in the past? he softly asked.
She couldnt tell if he was hurt by the possibility she might think that or if he was worried about it, too.
She opened her mouth to assure him that she was confident he could handle it, but it would be a lie.
And ironically, despite the many lies shed already told him, this was the one lie she couldnt.
With a sigh, she admitted, Youre nothing like the Duke of Watkins I used to know.
Youre gentle and kind.
Youre much better in ways I dont think youll ever appreciate. Her voice trailed off and she closed her eyes before her voice wavered.
God help her, but it was hard to keep thinking of him as the stranger.
You worry my brother will take advantage of who I am now because Im not as hard as I used to be, he finished for her.
She took a deep breath to steady her emotions and nodded.
Yes, he was so gentle and kind, he might not be able to stand up to Lord Mason.
I can do it, Anna, he whispered, resting his hand on her shoulder.
Startled by his touch, her eyes flew open and she looked at him.
Her heart leapt in excitement.
She didnt want to enjoy it, but no matter how much she willed herself to scoot away from him, she couldnt.
He released her shoulder, and though she knew she should be relieved, she also felt disappointed.
A lady could get used to the kind of touch hed just blessed her with.
Apparently, years of coldness and rejection left her more vulnerable to gentleness than she cared to admit.
Since you warned me, Ill be prepared and act accordingly, he told her.
She nodded, hoping he was right, but the only way either one of them would know was for him to try it.
Would you do me a favor? he asked.
What is it?
If you cant refer to me as Jason, would you please call me Watkins?
I dont want to be Your Grace all the time.
She winced before she could stop the reaction.
He didnt ask her an easy thing.
If he had any idea how difficult it was, he wouldnt ask it at all.
Theres nothing wrong with me referring to you as Your Grace.
Its your due as a duke.
But it feels unnatural to do that every time.
I suppose if you were a stranger or an acquaintance, it would suit, but Im your husband.
I dont know if I can.
Sure you can.
Open your mouth and say Watkins.
She got ready to shake her head, to deny she could even do that much, but he leaned forward and kissed her cheek.
His lips were soft and warm, just as gentle as his touch, and despite her better judgment, her resolve weakened.
All right.
Ill call you Watkins. Perhaps if she stuck with that, it wouldnt be so bad.
Perhaps she could still keep enough distance from him so she wouldnt get too attached.
He smiled and wrapped her hand in his.
Thank you.
He turned his attention to the fountain, but she couldnt think of anything but the terrifying prospect of what calling him Watkins and allowing him to touch her so intimately might mean.
It seemed to her she was quickly approaching a bridgeone that shed not only cross but one that might possibly be her undoing.
***
Jason couldnt help but notice the way Anna kept fidgeting next to him in the carriage, and it got worse as they got closer to Lord Masons estate.
He considered holding her hand or putting his arm around her shoulders to offer her some kind of comfort, but he sensed she didnt want him touching her so he refrained.
He turned his attention to the window, his mind wandering to nothing in particular.
When the estate came into view, he straightened in his seat.
From the other carriages pulling up to the front, he estimated that Lord Mason had invited five other couples.
Beside him, Anna rubbed her forehead and sighed.
At least its only for three hours, he said.
Three hours can seem like an eternity when all you want to do is go home, she replied, her hand falling to her lap.
He reached over and clasped her hand in his.
You said if we came here, then he wouldnt feel the need to come out to Camden, correct?
She nodded.
Then think of it as three hours spent to avoid having to see more of him.
A smile crossed her face.
Thats a better way of thinking about it.
He wondered just how dreadful his brother was.
With a shrug, he figured hed find out soon enough.
For sure, fretting over the evening wasnt going to change the outcome.
Whatever was going to happen was going to happen.
All he could do was as Anna suggested and not let Mason bother him.
The carriage came to a stop, and he waited for Masons footman to open the door before he left the carriage and held his hand out to help Anna down.
Her grip tightened around his hand to the point where he thought she might cut off his circulation.
His eyes widened but he gave no other indication that he was surprised by the fierceness of her anxiety.
Once her feet hit the ground, he offered her his arm, which, to his relief, she accepted.
Her grip was still tight around his elbow, but at least the feeling had returned to his fingers.
He followed the other couples to the entrance, slowing his steps to accommodate for Annas hesitation.
As they walked up the steps, someone called out to them.
Her hand clenched even tightersomething he didnt think possiblebefore he turned to see who it was.
He didnt recognize the couple, of course, but he smiled a greeting.
Jason, the gentleman said with a bow, I heard you made a full recovery.
Jason encouraged Anna to face the couple and bowed to the gentleman in return.
Yes, thanks to my wife who took care of me.
Unfortunately, I took a fall down the stairs, and I lost my memory.
Mason stated as much, he replied.
You dont remember it, but were good friends.
I am Ian Daniel, Lord of Hedwrett, and this lovely lady is Candace, Lady of Hedwrett.
Its a pleasure to, he stopped himself before he said meet since technically he already knew them, see you in attendance at this dinner party.
You wouldnt fare well to miss one of Masons dinner parties, Ian said in a tone Jason suspected was part amusement and part warning.
We shouldnt dally outside when theres wine and food waiting.
With a nod, Jason urged Anna to turn around, and they entered the manor where the butler took their cloaks and led them to the drawing room.
Jason scanned the room where his brother was telling jokes to three couples and a lady who laughed.
Jason and Anna followed Ian and Candace into the room and sat on a settee.
Mason chuckled and waved his hand dismissively to the group.
Thats nothing, I assure you.
Her sister was even more dreadful. Mason turned his gaze to Jason and clapped his hands.
My dear, dear brother!
I tell you, he told the others, he was on the verge of death.
In fact, you could say Death was knocking on his door, but my brother defied Death and sent him back to where he came.
Deaths loss is our gain.
The others nodded their agreement, but even so, Jason sensed his brother wasnt sincere.
Beside him, Anna clenched her hands in her lap but showed no emotional reaction on her face.
We are fortunate indeed, one of the gentlemen said, giving Jason a polite nod.
However, its not all good news, Im afraid, Mason added with a regretful sigh.
My brother doesnt remember any of us, even me.
And to think I gave him the best years of my life while we were growing up.
The group chuckled, and Jason couldnt tell if they laughed because they wanted to or if they had to.
Fortunately, you have Lady Templeton to comfort you, Ian said.
Mason glanced at the lady sitting behind him and smiled.
And what a privilege it is to be comforted by someone so lovely.
You flatter me, my lord, she replied, shooting him a coy smile as she waved her fan in front of her face.
Not unnecessarily so.
Anna sighed softly.
At first, he thought she wished he would talk to her in the same way Mason was talking to Lady Templeton, but as he noted her clenched hands and gritted teeth, he realized it was a sigh of impatience or irritation.
If hed been alone with her, hed ask her which one itd been.
Perhaps itd been both.
Whatever the cause, she wasnt as happy to be here as the others in the room were.
The butler entered the room and announced that dinner was ready.
Jason joined the others and stood up.
When he realized the gentlemen offered their arms for their ladies, he turned to Anna and did likewise.
She remained sitting for a long moment before she stood and slipped her arm around his.
As they headed for the dining room, he couldnt help but notice her steps were slower than the others.
If she hated coming here so much, why didnt she refuse to come?
Surely, she could have written no and had him sign it, especially since he could now write his name.
But shed been insistent they come.
Now it was his turn to sigh.
Whether hed lost his memory or not, he doubted that he could understand the way a ladys mind worked.
Once everyone sat around the dining room table, Mason proceeded to tell everyone about his venture to British India.
Jason tried to pay attention, thinking that since he was Masons brother, it was his duty to take an interest in what he did, but as Mason droned on, his mind kept wandering to the oddest things.
He noticed the way one of the ladys feathers kept coming loose from her hair.
She had to keep putting her fork down to put it back in its proper place.
Then there was Ian who made it a habit of stealing glances at one of the ladies who wasnt his wife.
To her credit, the lady ignored him, but she snickered when the other ladies took a second portion of the veal when the footman offered it to them.
Jason didnt know what to make of her, but he supposed it didnt matter.
A gentleman across from him had some food stuck between his teeth, which wouldnt have been bad if he hadnt laughed at every joke Mason made.
Jason made eye contact with him at one point and motioned to his teeth, but the gentleman shrugged and turned back to Mason.
My kind brother!
Startled, Jason took his eyes off the food in-between the gentlemans teeth so he could address Mason.
What is it?
Mason took a sip of sherry and set the glass on the table.
Will you be going to British India?
Jason glanced at Anna to see if it was something he had planned to do before he lost his memory.
She gave a slight shake of her head.
Mason laughed.
I dont believe it.
Youre not basing your decision on the opinion of a lady, are you?
Unsure of how to respond to that, especially since everyone was watching him, he cleared his throat and shrugged.
I dont remember if British India interested me or notbefore I lost my memory.
You could have asked me that.
We are brothers, and considering how close we were, I know your interests more than her.
He wanted to look at Anna to see whether or not this was true, but he didnt dare.
Not with everyone watching him.
You neednt be shy about asking me questions, Mason continued.
I grew up with you.
I know things about you she doesnt.
Ill keep that in mind, Jason finally replied, not sure what else he was supposed to say.
Please do.
I want to help you.
Were blood.
Family.
Thats what matters most.
He nodded but decided to keep quiet.
And yes, you were very interested in going to British India.
In fact, we discussed going together before you lost your memory.
Since Mason waited for him to respond, he said, In light of the situation I find myself in, I think its prudent I stay home.
I dont want a relapse.
Of course not.
No one wants that.
But maybe in the future you will feel well enough to go.
I promise you its worth the trip.
They dont call it the Jewel of the Crown for nothing.
Ian set his fork on the plate with a loud clatter and wiped his mouth with his napkin.
I hear it includes a great amount of land.
It does. Mason turned his attention to Ian and started listing off the territories the British Empire controlled in India.
Jason breathed a silent prayer of thanks that Ian spoke up when he did.
He didnt care for the way Mason was prodding him, as if he was testing him.
What did Mason expect?
He lost his memory.
He wouldnt remember if he wanted to go to British India or not.
He turned his attention to the dessert as the footman served it, grateful he could focus on something pleasant.
He glanced at Anna who refused the dessert and gripped the cloth napkin in her lap.
She hadnt relaxed once since they stepped out of the carriage.
For the first time that evening, he hoped they could go home soon.
Whether it was Masons annoying questions or Annas anxiety, he couldnt help but think that he should have insisted she write the letter declining the invitation to this dinner party.
Next time, he would insist on it, even if he had to ask Appleton to write it for him.
* Chapter Eight Chapter Eight{{{1 Chapter Eight
Anna didnt want to leave Watkins when the dinner was over, but considering the gentlemen and ladies had separated, she didnt have a choice.
She bit her tongue on her protest and joined the ladies to the drawing room.
As long as she didnt arouse anyone elses suspicions, she might manage through the rest of the dinner party unscathed.
It was bad enough that Lord Mason insinuated Watkins needed her in order to say whether or not he wanted to go to British India.
It hadnt been her intention to put Watkins in such an awkward situation, but hed looked over at her and shed hoped the silent shake of her head would be subtle enough for Lord Mason to miss.
But it hadnt been.
To her dismay, very little got past him, and that worried her.
There was nothing she could do now but hope Lord Mason wouldnt notice anything else that was amiss about her husband.
She stopped her thoughts and took a deep breath.
No.
The stranger wasnt her husband.
He was filling a role, pretending to be her husband.
Her real husband was buried in an unmarked grave beneath the forest floor.
She must think of him as Watkins and nothing more.
Anna, is something troubling you?
Anna jerked and turned her attention to Candace who sat next to her on the settee.
Across the room, the other ladies hovered over something and giggled.
From where she was sitting, she couldnt make out what it was because the piano hid it from view.
Anna swallowed and turned to face Candace, praying her voice would be steady when she spoke.
Of all the people she would lie to, Candace would be the hardest since she knew her better than the other ladies did.
Im fine.
Im justoverwhelmed, she finally managed.
Overwhelmed your husband still lives? Candace softly asked, her sympathetic tone bringing back all the times she had confided to her about how awful her marriage had been.
Here it came.
If she wanted her lie to be believable, she needed to get it over with.
I would have said yes before he lost his memory, but since he did lose his memory, hes a different person. There.
She said it.
With any luck, Candace would accept it.
Candace seemed to consider Annas words before she spoke.
I did notice something different about him at dinner.
Heart racing, Anna nodded.
Yes, hes a lot nicer now.
Very much so.
I cant imagine hed let Lord Mason speak to him in such a way before.
No, he wouldnt. And that was another strike against Watkins.
She wondered if she had any chance of pulling the ruse off.
Watkins was innocent of any wrongdoing, so itd be on her head if the lie was exposed.
Forcing the possibility aside, she said, I like the person my husband is since he lost his memory.
It was the best thing thats happened to him. And to me.
I wish my husband would lose his memory if it meant hed become a better person, Candace whispered so the other ladies wouldnt overhear.
Im sorry.
Why should you be sorry?
You werent the one who arranged my marriage?
It was my greedy brother who did the vile deed.
Im just glad I finally conceived so Ian wont come to my bed anymore.
Anna inwardly shuddered.
She knew all-too-well how awful it was to have a brute of a husband in her bed.
I cant blame you for being relieved.
I never got such a reprieve, but at least mine was always quick.
In fact, Anna estimated it took her husband a total of five minutes from the time he entered her bedchamber to when he left.
She used to count down the minutes to distract herself at first, and after a while, she counted them to assure herself itd soon be over.
She reached for Candaces hand and squeezed it.
I hope you have a son. And she hoped Ian wasnt the type of gentleman who wanted two sons in case one died.
You do realize you can live apart from him if you have a son.
Thats what Im hoping for.
He only wanted an heir.
Otherwise, he wouldnt have married, and any lady wouldve suited as long as she wasnt associated with scandal.
What irony it is when our pristine reputations attract the wrong kind of gentleman.
A cruel twist of fate might be a better way of stating it.
Anna let go of Candaces hand and smiled.
Youre always welcome at Camden should you need a place to stay while you seek out your own home.
Thank you, Anna.
Youve always been a good friend.
I had a feeling youd be dear to me when I first met you at the engagement party.
Ian and my husband knew each other since their school days.
It was natural you and I were bound to meet.
Lady Templeton approached them with three ladies following close behind.
You two dont make it a habit of keeping to yourselves during all of Lord Masons dinner parties, do you?
Oh, they do, Helen replied.
If you marry Mason, youll get used to it.
Annas cheeks warmed.
Helen often chided her and Candace for removing themselves from the other ladies on several occasions.
My husband almost died.
Its been a hard ordeal.
Then why did you agree to attend this dinner party? Lady Templeton asked.
Anna couldnt tell if she was trying to bait her or if she was honestly concerned.
Lord Mason is my husbands brother.
Itd be improper for us to neglect attending the party.
Hmm... She shrugged.
I suppose that line of reasoning works as good as any.
The other three ladies giggled and whispered amongst themselves.
Anna frowned.
All right.
So Lady Templeton was hoping to bait her.
That being the case, she would fit in very well with those three cackling busybodies hovering around her.
Anna turned her attention to Lady Templeton who looked overly impressed with herself.
So you and Lord Mason met while he was in British India?
Lady Templeton sat in a chair and, like a bunch of puppies, the other ladies followed suit.
One might term it that way, but I prefer to think of it as me taking the initiative to get something I need.
Anna glanced at Candace who gave a slight shrug.
Im afraid I dont understand your meaning, my lady.
You werent supposed to, Lady Templeton replied with a snicker.
Her skin bristled, and she knew right then and there that she didnt like Lady Templeton.
Such a thing wasnt necessarily bad.
At least if Lord Mason married her, the two would be an equal match.
Was he as dashing as he claims he is when meeting the fairer sex? Helen asked, her lips curled up in mischief.
Lady Templeton chuckled.
Is that what he claims?
While I wouldnt exactly call him inadequate, I will disclose that I was far more charming than he was. As Helen stifled another giggle, she touched her arm and added, We must never tell the gentlemen this, of course.
You know how much they pride themselves on their prowess when obtaining our affections.
That is the way gentlemen are, Helen replied.
Anna sighed and glanced at Candace who looked just as eager to get away from them as she felt.
Before the others could notice her friends unease, Anna cleared her throat.
Lady Templeton, Id love to hear your version of how you and Lord Mason met.
Oh yes! Helen eagerly nodded as the other ladies turned to Lady Templeton in interest.
Please tell us!
All right, Lady Templeton agreed as she shifted into a more comfortable position on the seat.
First, however, I must assure you that every part is true. With a wicked grin, she continued in a sly voice, Especially when he fell at my feet and swore his undying devotion to me.
Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, Anna put on a polite smile and listened as the lady continued with her endless drivel of how she impressed Lord Mason.
***
And this is the sword I acquired when I traveled to China, Mason told his brother as he turned the object over in his hands, admiring the way the silver blade glistened next to the firelight in the den.
Would you like to hold it?
Jason shook his head.
No, Id rather not.
Come now, my brother.
You never could resist the opportunity to touch a weapon, especially a sword as magnificent as this.
From across the room, two gentlemen played chess and the others watched.
Though Jason didnt remember anything about the game except that Mason had told him he loved it, he would have preferred to have been over there at the moment instead of here with Mason.
Now as Mason held the sword out to him, Jason reluctantly took it in his hands, waiting for something to trigger his memory, but his mind was blank.
You said I used to enjoy holding this?
I didnt say you enjoyed it.
I said you couldnt resist the opportunity to hold it.
Mason laughed and gave him a hearty pat on the back, an action which caused him to stumble forward and knick his hand on the blade.
Jason, you shouldnt be so clumsy.
Look what you did to my blade. He took the sword from Jason in an abrupt way that almost caused Jason to get another cut.
Ill have to get this cleaned.
Immediately.
While he went to pull the cord to alert the butler to enter the room, Jason sucked on the small cut in the palm of his hand.
It took him a moment to recall his handkerchief.
He quickly grabbed it and pressed it to his wound.
Compared to what hed been through with the fall down the stairs, this was a minor thing.
Unfortunately, he wished he could say the same thing about Mason.
He didnt know why, but Mason seemed to have a vindictive streak.
And for some reason, it was aimed directly at him.
The butler entered the room, and Mason gave him orders to clean the sword.
Jason glanced over at Mason, and for a moment, he thought that Mason scowled at him.
But in the next instant, Mason smiled.
Jason blinked and shook his head, not sure of what to make of the whole thing.
Surely, Mason understood he hadnt meant to get blood on the sword, and truth be told, he wouldnt have if it hadnt been for Mason giving him a good swat on the back.
Dont stand there looking as if youve lost all your friends, Ian called out in a jovial tone.
Pull up a chair.
The game is getting good.
If for no other reason than to have something to do, Jason made his way to the chess game where the two players were studying the pieces.
Jason retrieved a chair, found a free spot to sit and breathed a sigh of relief.
He hadnt realized hed been nervous around Mason.
The butler left, and Mason went to the wall of his prized collection of weapons and brushed a pistol with a cloth.
Jason turned his attention back to the game.
Even if he didnt remember the rules, he thought watching the two men strategically move their pieces across the board was more entertaining than Masons ramblings.
The men remained quiet, and the spectators upped their bets on who they thought would win.
According to Ian, it was a close game.
Jason could only nod and continue to watch as the men played.
He didnt know how long he was watching the game until his mind wandered off, but the butlers voice jolted him back to the game.
Brandy, Your Grace?
Jason straightened in his seat and turned to the butler who presented a tray with glasses full of brandy on it.
Yes, thank you.
He went to reach for one glass, but the butler turned the tray slightly to the right and said, Perhaps this glass might be better.
I dont think it should matter, Jason replied.
Lord Mason requested you have this particular glass.
Jasons gaze went to Mason who was examining the sword.
Turning his attention back to the butler, he whispered, Ill make do with this one.
He tried to reach for another glass, but the butler stopped him.
Excuse my boldness, Your Grace, but Lord Mason was quite adamant you receive this glass instead. He lifted the glass and held it to him.
Jason hesitated, but then Mason glanced in his direction and he knew he had to accept it.
He settled the glass on his lap and watched while the other gentlemen took whichever glass they wanted.
Studying the glass in his lap, he tried to figure out if something was in the brandy that shouldnt be there but knew he wouldnt be able to see anything suspicious in it.
Mason was much too clever for that.
Are you sure you dont want to place a bet? Ian asked, drawing Jasons attention back to the game.
No, he replied.
Ive never known you to resist the chance to make some easy money.
It appears that Jason is a different person ever since he lost his memory, Mason said.
Not realizing Mason had walked up behind him, Jason jerked.
Mason laughed and placed a hand on his shoulder.
My goodness, dear brother, youre as squeamish as a lady.
First the sword and now this.
I hope you havent lost your taste for liquor as well or we might have to send you to the drawing room so you can sip tea with the ladies.
Most of the men chuckled, but Lord Basemoreif Jason remembered rightshook his head.
Hes been ill and lost his memory, Mason.
Theres no need to be so critical of him.
Youre right, Mason replied, appearing appropriately contrite.
Its just that the old Jason would have put me in my place.
Even if that was aggravating at times, I rather miss it.
But, he shrugged, there you have it. He looked down at Jason and though he smiled, there was no mirth in his eyes.
Like I said, youre a different person.
Ill have to get to know the new you, hmm?
Jason frowned.
What did he mean by that?
You cant blame him for what happened, Lord Basemore muttered and turned back to the chessboard where he waited for his opponent to make the next move.
Masons grip tightened on Jasons shoulder for a second before he released his hold on him.
Finally, Mason walked away from him, and Jason relaxed.
He was starting to detest Mason, which was a shame since Mason was his link to his childhood and the only one who could tell him all about it.
Now all the questions hed consider asking his brother vanished.
Even if he asked Mason the questions, he had no way of knowing if his brother would tell him the truth.
He glanced down at the glass.
There might not be anything in it.
For all he knew, Mason was playing cat and mouse with him, but he didnt dare take the chance.
A careful scan of his surroundings showed him that he was within reaching distance of one of Masons plants.
Lord Basemore moved his piece, causing a cheer from the gentlemen who betted on him.
Since Mason was looking at the chessboard, Jason poured the contents of his glass into the plants soil, making sure no one saw what he was doing.
Having managed the task undetected, he breathed a sigh of relief and settled back into the chair to watch the rest of the game.
* Chapter Nine Chapter Nine{{{1 Chapter Nine
You want to what? Anna asked at breakfast the next morning, the watermelon halfway to her mouth.
Get married again, Watkins replied before biting into his eggs.
She glanced around the room, conscious that the servants were watching them.
None of them gave any indication as to what they thought of his odd statement.
Forcing her gaze to his, she cleared her throat.
We should discuss this when were alone. Despite the awkward moment, she ate the watermelon and managed to swallow it without incident.
Oh.
Startled by the disappointment in his voice, she turned her gaze back to his.
Perhaps a change in topic might ease things.
Do you feel like going for a horse ride today?
He shook his head.
No.
But dont you want to learn?
Riding a horse is something gentlemen often do.
Maybe some gentlemen do it.
Curious by his hesitation, she pressed, But not you?
He ate another forkful of eggs and shrugged.
Is it a requirement that all gentlemen ride them?
Gripping the fork in her hand, she struggled for the best response she could come up with.
He was taking the place of a gentleman who went horseback riding almost every day.
The fact that he didnt seem to care for it marked yet another difference between him and her husband, and she didnt know how much she could keep expecting people to believe he was the same person she and Appleton buried.
Surely, even if a gentleman lost his memory, he should maintain most of the same interests he had before.
After careful consideration, she ventured, Ill tell you what.
Ill discuss the matter of a, she glanced at the servants and lowered her voice, a wedding while we ride horses.
He frowned, not seeming happy with the bargain but nodding.
All right.
Relieved, she offered him a tentative smile.
There.
That was simple enough.
The only reason Watkins didnt like the idea of riding a horse was because he hadnt done it.
Or, if he had done it in the past, he didnt remember how much he enjoyed it.
Surely, he enjoyed it.
All gentlemen enjoyed riding horses.
When breakfast was over, she went to her bedchamber and allowed her ladys maid to change her outfit.
Your Grace, youve lost some weight since you last went riding, she said.
Ill have the seamstress make the necessary adjustments so your next ride will be more comfortable.
Though Anna had no intention of riding again unless she had to, she nodded.
She didnt care for the activity herself, but her love went to music where she immersed herself in daydreams the songs provoked as she played the piano.
On occasion, shed compose a short piece and play it, but more often than not, she was content to enjoy the melodies composers far greater than she had created.
Once her ladys maid pulled her hair back and secured them with pins, she thanked her and left the room.
On her way down the hall, she passed Watkins bedchamber and jerked when the door opened.
She noted the way her husbands riding clothes fit perfectly on him, and for a moment, it truly seemed as if her husband had come back to life.
The blood drained from her face.
In an effort to cover up her reaction, she let out a nervous laugh and placed her hand over her pounding heart.
I didnt expect you to open the door as I was passing by, she quickly said, hoping he wouldnt suspect more than that.
This doesnt feel right, he replied, glancing at his riding outfit.
I cant explain it, but the clothes feel too restrictive.
Do they?
They dont look tight on you.
Thats not what I meant.
I He shrugged.
Im not sure how to explain it.
It seems too formal.
His comment made her wonderfor the first timewhat his life had been like before he lost his memory.
She knew he didnt have a title, and to be honest, she didnt even think he was part of the middle class.
The sooner we do this, the sooner we can discuss a wedding, he said but stopped before he took his first step toward the stairs.
That is, unless youd rather discuss it over a cup of tea or a relaxing walk?
Ignoring the hopeful grin on his face, she headed for the staircase.
As she assumed, he followed her.
It was yet another small difference between him and the gentleman shed buried.
Watkins would compromise with her.
He would listen to her and take her thoughts into consideration.
He wouldnt force his will upon her or punish her for disagreeing with him.
She slowed her steps and waited for him so they could finish going down the stairs together.
You dont need to be so nervous about riding a horse.
Its easy.
If you say so
She glanced at him to see if hed continue the thought, but he didnt.
Sure that hed feel better once he was on the horse, she led him out to the stable.
Once the stable master and stableboy turned to them, she told them to get their horses ready and quietly waited next to Watkins as they performed the task.
Watkins shifted from one foot to the other, and it took her a few seconds to realize that he dreaded riding the horse.
She knew hed be anxious, but she had no idea hed be scared.
She studied his profile, noting the tightening of his brow and the way he swallowed the lump in his throat.
Her gaze lowered, and she saw him clench and unclench the gloves in his hands.
Looking back at the stable master, she watched as he and the stableboy finished saddling the horses.
As the stable master and stableboy led the horses to them, she whispered, Itll be all right, but Watkins didnt bother to acknowledge he heard her.
The stableboy helped her onto her horse, and as soon as she settled into the sidesaddle, she checked on Watkins progress.
She frowned.
Watkins no longer looked scared.
Now he looked terrified.
I can help you onto the horse, Your Grace, the stable master told him.
Watkins finally glanced in her direction, and her heart went out to him.
Never did anyone try so hard to please her.
She sighed.
Perhaps today wasnt the time to force him into riding his horse.
She cleared her throat to get the stable masters attention.
The stable master turned his head in her direction, and the horse took a step toward Watkins, neighing as it did so.
To her surprise, Watkins cried out and stumbled back.
He proceeded to lose his footing and fell on the stable floor.
The stable master and stableboy hurried to help him up.
Your Grace, the stable master said as he brought him to his feet, are you all right?
Anna quickly got down from her horse and went over to them.
His Grace must not be feeling well today. She handed the stableboy the reins to her horse and turned to Watkins.
Removing her gloves, she touched his face, and though she already knew it would be cool, she said, Thank goodness.
No fever.
I feared he might be getting ill again.
I suppose we ought to take it easy.
Maybe well go for a ride another day.
Watkins glanced from the horse to her, his breathing faster than normal and sweat covering his brow.
Thankfully, the stable master and stableboy were already unsaddling the horses, so they were distracted.
She slipped her arm around Watkins and led him out of the stable, eager to get him away from prying eyes.
Never in all the times shed known her husband did he show any kind of fear.
God willing, the servants wouldnt think it strange that Watkins could be easily startled by something as simple as a horse.
Once they were down the path leading to the fountain, she relaxed.
What did the horse do that spooked you?
I-I dont know, Watkins muttered, not looking at her.
She struggled for something suitable to ask, something that might give her insight into why a horse should scare him.
It had to be something to do with his past.
What were you thinking when you saw the horse coming toward you?
I didnt think anything.
I just wanted to get out of its way.
Out of its way? That didnt make any sense since the horse hadnt been threatening him.
I cant explain it.
I just knew it wasnt safe.
She considered his words and wondered if he fell off a horse while going through the forest, but that didnt make sense since hed suffered injuries that only another human being could inflict on him.
No.
Whatever it was about the horse that scared him had nothing to do with the incident that led to him ending up in the forest.
They reached the bench by the fountain and sat down.
At least his breathing had returned to normal and his face wasnt pale.
Getting away from the horse was a good thing in that regard, but it did little good when she thought of how difficult itd be to explain why her husband no longer loved horses.
Had her husband fallen off a horse, her task would be much easier.
She stared at the fountain for a long moment before asking, Would you be willing to walk the horse?
Walk the horse?
Just hold onto the reins and lead it around.
You dont have to ride it.
You want me to do this today?
No. She understood by the way he squeaked the question that he was in no shape to do it today.
I was thinking in a week.
In the meantime, we can make several trips out to the stable, and you can get to know your horse.
He fidgeted uneasily on the bench.
Id rather not.
I have no desire to know any horse.
Her heart plummeted.
Short of forcing him out to the stable against his will, she had no idea how she was going to convince him to get over his fear of horses.
He turned to her and smiled.
This is a bad way to start talk of our wedding, isnt it?
Refusing to meet his gaze, she shook her head.
Its unnecessary.
Were already married.
Everyone was there.
Your being sick changes none of it. The lie was a bitter pill to swallow, but she had to say it.
Under no circumstance could she admit the truth.
Maybe I was there, but I dont remember it.
She looked away from him so he wouldnt pick up on her wince.
It was getting harder and harder to hide her feelings around him.
And that terrified her because she knew what it meant.
God help her but she wasnt as strong as she wanted to be.
He sighed.
Why do you continue to pull away from me?
If we are husband and wife, arent we supposed to become closer?
She shook her head and turned to face him, silently pleading with him to understand, even when she knew deep down, he couldnt.
Her only hope was that hed relent.
Its not that easy.
Isnt it?
No.
You yourself should understand that.
You couldnt get on a horse today, but you have no idea why.
So cant you accept the fact that I cant marry you again?
The first emotion to flicker across his face was hurt.
The second was anger.
She held her breath and waited for him to respond.
The cold hand of fear wrapped its way through her body as she recalled the times her husband had looked at her in angerand what happened to her afterwards.
I dont understand why I need to walk a horse around so I can eventually ride it while you dont have to at least explain to me why you refuse to marry me again, he said.
She waited for more, to see if hed lift his hand against her, but he didnt.
Instead, he let out a frustrated sigh and rubbed his eyes.
Relieved, she released her breath.
I really want to do this, he softly told her.
Im willing to overcome my fear of horses for you.
Why cant you oblige me and let me remember our wedding?
It isnt done, she argued, though her voice was weak as a part of her relented.
So just because other people dont do it, does it mean we cant?
What youre asking is more than a simple afternoon event.
Weddings require time to prepare and bans to read.
People must be notified, a breakfast prepared, outfits tailored.
Its a lot of work, and Id have to explain to everyone what happened to you.
Then there will be endless questions to answer because theyll want to know all the details.
After everything thats happened over the past couple of months, I dont have the strength to go through all of that.
With a reluctant sigh, he relented.
I suppose it doesnt matter.
Not really.
As you said, were already married.
Shoving aside the sting of guilt that crept over her, she reminded herself she was doing it for him.
If Lord Mason was asking questions, then others would, too, and she could only do so much to protect him from people who might know the difference between him and her husband.
Its for the best, she finally said, wondering if hed agree or not.
He nodded but didnt respond.
Not knowing what else to do, she sat by him in silence and watched the water as it fell from the top of the fountain.
* Chapter Ten Chapter Ten{{{1 Chapter Ten
Two weeks later, Anna glanced up from her piano when she heard someone enter the drawing room.
She assumed it was Appleton, but to her surprise, it was Watkins.
He went over to the settee and looked expectantly at her.
Her fingers paused on the keys.
He smiled and motioned for her to continue.
I enjoy listening to you play.
You do?
Giving her an annoyingly charming grin she still hadnt gotten used to, he nodded.
You can be assured I meant every word I said. Then he leaned back and placed his hands behind his head, never once taking his eyes off her.
Her face warmed under those intense green eyes of his.
So much like her husband and yet so different.
With her husband, those eyes made her shiver in dread.
With him, it made her shiver in delight.
Forcing the observation aside, she resumed her playing.
If he wanted to come in here and listen to her play, the least she could do was oblige him.
But the matter was easier said than done, for her fingers kept slipping on the keys.
After the fifth time she missed a note, she gave up and closed the songbook.
Why did you stop? he asked, straightening in his seat.
She offered a nonchalant shrug.
I was done with the song.
There was no way shed tell him the truth, that he unnerved her and that whenever he was around, all she could think of was how wonderful he was.
Yes, he was attractive, too, just as her husband had been, but it was his sweet temperament that called to her, insisting she throw caution to the wind and fall in love with him.
She cleared her throat.
Perhaps Ill go for a walk.
With a disappointed sigh, he asked, Must you?
I was enjoying what you played.
It was on the tip of her tongue to say that because of her mistakes, there was no way he could have enjoyed the melody, but then she realized he had enjoyed it because she played it.
She could have hit every wrong key, and he would have liked it.
Youre much too kind, she finally told him.
I dont see how being honest is being kind, but if you say so She stood, so he quickly added, I meant what I said.
Id like to hear you play.
You spend so much time at that piano, but I only get to hear snippets of your music.
Would you grant me the privilege of at least two more songs?
Then if you still wish, we can go for a walk.
Ill even take the horse along to get used to it.
She sat back down.
You strike a hard bargain, Your Grace.
I didnt think youd continue playing any other way.
He was right, but she chose not to admit it.
Instead, she opened the book.
Do you prefer it to be light or dark?
I prefer music.
It took her a moment to pick up on his joke, and when she did, she shot him an amused grin.
You know what I meant.
He chuckled.
Play something cheerful and romantic.
Arching an eyebrow, she said, I didnt think gentlemen preferred romantic.
Of course, we do, especially in the presence of a beautiful lady.
You speak like a rake, Your Grace.
Without waiting for his reply, she turned her attention to the book and picked out a melody hed probably enjoy.
Fortunately, it was also something easy to play, which would mean fewer mistakes.
Or at least that was the theory.
As she played, she was acutely aware that he was watching her.
At one point, she dared a peek in his direction and saw that he was smiling at her.
But it was more than a smile.
It was the way he smiled, as if he saw everything lovely and perfect in a lady when he looked at her.
This shouldnt have caused her greater unease, but it did and the resulting jumbled mess she played made her wish she had picked something short.
This song was much too long.
She grimaced her way through the rest of it and was relieved when it finally came to an end.
She breathed a sigh of relief and closed the book.
If she had to go through that horror again, she might give up on playing anything for the rest of her life.
She stood and, pretending she hadnt noticed the way she butchered the song, said, I think we should walk without the horse this time.
He rose to his feet.
That was very well done.
I hope youll let me listen to you play again in the future.
She settled for saying, Maybe, and left it at that.
Who knew?
Maybe twenty or thirty years from now, she could play for him without botching up the whole thing.
Ill need to change into more suitable shoes.
Ill be back soon. Before he could talk her into another song, she hurried out of the room.
***
By the time Anna showed up at the door of the drawing room, Jason was tapping the keys of the piano.
He smiled when he saw her.
She was a vision of loveliness, just the kind of thing that made a gentlemans blood come to a boil.
His initial thought was to chastise himself for thinking of her in such a way, but she was his wife.
He had every right to think of her in sensual terms.
Theyd shared a bed together in the past.
It was a shame he didnt remember it.
But he reasoned that theyd be sharing a bed again.
Maybe not right away but soon enough, or at least thats what he hoped.
Whatever hed done to make her unhappy, he hoped that he could redeem himself.
Are you ready for the walk, Your Grace? she asked, still waiting for him in the doorway.
Forcing his attention off her figure, he tapped a key on the piano and asked, Did I ever play the piano?
No.
Why not?
It looks like fun.
Her lips curled up into a smile and she entered the room.
I enjoy it immensely.
I gathered that much by how often you play it.
You neednt be so worried about playing in front of me.
I love to watch you play. And watch was the keyword.
He much preferred to look at her while she played instead of standing in the hallway and listen to her.
In addition to you and Appleton teaching me how to read, would you like to teach me how to play something?
She clasped her hands in front of her.
I dont know.
Why?
Did I used to hate the piano?
No, its not that.
Noting the hesitant tone in her voice, he pressed, Am I an undesirable pupil when it comes to reading and writing?
No.
Youve been an excellent one.
So why wont you explain what these silly looking things are? He held up one of the songbooks and pointed to the bars with different dots on them.
The only thing I recognize is the words at the top of the page.
Thats the title.
Oh.
Good. He set the book in front of him.
Now that weve established that, how do I play the song? He patted the spot on the bench next to him.
You lead; Ill follow.
She let out a sigh, and he couldnt tell if it was from frustration or because she detected his ploy to get close to her.
Either way, it didnt matter since she sat next to him.
He noticed she left enough space between them so they werent touching, but he quickly corrected that oversight and closed the gap between them.
Watkins, she said, a hint of warning in her voice.
In an effort to distract her, he tapped a black key.
What do the black ones do?
Those are for flat or sharp notes.
What do flat and sharp notes do?
They enhance the music when theyre played at the right time.
Oh well, thats good. He tapped a white key.
So these white ones dont enhance the music?
She giggled.
They do.
It really depends on the melody and how all the notes go together. She picked up another book and placed it in front of him.
If you want to start playing the piano, you need to start with the basics.
These notes on the page form a C-major scale: C, D, E, F, G, A, B.
It almost sounds like the order of the alphabet.
Well, it is in a way, but the note you start with depends on what type of scale youre using. Before he could ask another question about scales, she motioned to the keys.
This is where the C-major scale begins.
As you go up the scale, you can think of the alphabet.
Remember that when you get to G, you go back to A.
Heres how you play a C-major scale.
He watched as she played each key.
Youre good at this.
Its not hard to play a scale.
Then I should try it. He followed the path her fingers had gone up the piano and let his hand brush hers since her hand was still resting on the keys.
How was that?
Her face grew pink as she pulled her hand away.
Clearing her throat, she replied, You did very well, but next time you need to also look at the sheet music in front of you so you can remember which note goes with which key.
Where are the sharp and flat notes?
Thats not covered in this lesson.
What you need to do is get familiar with the notes.
Oh. He glanced at the sheet music and the keys.
Just how long does that take?
She shrugged.
It depends on how much time you put into it.
The more you practice, the faster youll pick things up.
He frowned.
Whats wrong? she asked, peering up at him.
I thought I was going to play a song today.
Is that not going to happen?
She chuckled and shook her head.
Im afraid not.
You need to learn the basics before you can play one of the songs.
But you make it look so easy.
Ive been doing this for twenty years.
I learned the basics when I was a child.
And you play something every day, he thoughtfully stated.
Itll take me twenty years to play what you do today?
Not quite.
Ive been playing those songs for years.
I enjoy them more than others, so I play them often.
He played the scale, and though he was looking at the music sheet in front of him, he was paying more attention to how close her hand was to his.
Though she wasnt playing anything, her hand remained on the keys, something he guessed was as natural to her as breathing.
How long did it take until you learned to play one of your favorite songs?
I dont remember.
I think I was twelve or thirteen when I played one.
He ended the scale and brushed his hand against hers.
She didnt pull away from him, but he noticed the way she slightly stiffened against him.
He quickly went down the scale, and as he suspected, she relaxed.
It was a shame.
She was so soft and kind.
Hed have to have a heart of stone to not love her.
If only he knew what he could do to break through her wall.
I think thats enough practice for today, she said and stood up from the bench.
But I only did the C-major scale.
She didnt look in his direction but focused on closing the songbooks.
We can practice another time if you wish.
Id rather go for a walk if you dont mind.
No, I dont mind, he softly replied and stood up.
Im willing to walk my horse.
She turned her gaze to his.
I only played one song for you.
You arent under any obligation to do that.
Taking her by the elbow, he led her out of the drawing room.
Once they put on their cloaks, they left the manor, and he said, Im ready to try it. And considering how important it seemed to her that he learn to be comfortable with a horse, he wanted to show her he was making an effort.
In that case, I shouldve worn my riding outfit, she said.
Youll be fine, he assured her and gave her elbow a reassuring squeeze.
Youre not riding the horse.
Youre just helping me walk it.
I would like to be with you in case you need assistance.
You do care about me, he teased.
Though she sighed, a smile formed on her lips.
Watkins, I didnt say no about marrying you because I dont care about you.
You understand that, dont you?
I know.
You just dont feel its necessary since were already married. Since she didnt reply, he added, I understand, Anna.
Please dont think Im complaining because Im not.
I was joking.
I know you care about me.
You wouldnt have helped me after I got ill if you didnt care.
Though she nodded, he wondered if he said something that upset her.
She never voiced a complaint about anything hed done in their past, and he understood she had cause to be wary of him.
It seemed to be a fine line to tread.
At times, he sensed they were drawing closer and at other times, like now, he sensed she was pulling away from him.
He just wished he understood why.
If he did, he might be able to do something to rectify things.
When they reached the stable, his attention turned from her to the horses, specifically his horse which was in its stall.
He didnt realize his grip had tightened on her elbow until she winced.
Im sorry, he quickly apologized and put his hand to his side.
Its all right. She offered him an understanding smile before telling the stable master to get his horse ready for a walk.
As the stable master hurried to perform the task, she glanced at him and whispered, Are you sure?
Jason swallowed the lump in his throat.
Its just a walk.
I wont get on it.
Ill be fine.
Even as he said the words, his heart rate picked up and his breathing grew shallower.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead and wondered why he should have such an intense reaction from being near a horse.
It didnt make any sense.
If he had to have this reaction, it should have been from the stairs.
After all, hed fallen down those.
He hadnt suffered an injury from a horse.
Lets wait outside, Anna whispered and led him out of the stable.
Theres no reason to stay in there when the weather is nice enough to enjoy.
He took a deep breath of the crisp air to settle his nerves.
I cant explain it.
I dont know why horses frighten me as much as they do.
I dont know either.
He wished she did.
Without his memory, there was no way he could figure out what incident caused him to be this way.
The stable master arrived with the horse, and he took a step away from it.
Ill take the reins, Anna told him and accepted them from the stable master.
We can walk down that path. She motioned to the trees along the property.
We havent been down there yet.
Forcing his eyes off the horse, Jason joined her as she headed for the trees.
It might be a nice change of pace. Especially since all the fountain did was remind him that she wasnt interested in marrying him again.
She walked beside him, and it didnt go unnoticed that she stood between him and the horse, something he was grateful for since it lessened his anxiety.
He looked at the way she held the reins and made a mental note to do the same thing when it was his turn.
Hes an easy horse, she said.
Hes been well-trained.
I know.
I can tell that. He studied the horse which showed no signs of aggression.
Im proud of you.
Surprised, he turned his gaze to her.
Why?
Youre afraid of the horse, and yet youre pushing through your fears.
I admire that about you.
Well, when youve been on the brink of death, I suppose theres not much to stop you from doing anything.
Further surprising him, she reached for his hand and held it.
Im glad you lived.
Even if it may not seem like it, Im thankful youre here.
Her confession thrilled him to no end, and despite his better judgment, he encouraged her to stop walking so he could face her.
Thats a wonderful thing to say.
Lowering her gaze, she softly replied, I only said it because its the truth.
Which is why I appreciate it all the more.
He brushed her cheek with his free hand, and when she looked up at him, he tilted her head back and kissed her.
It wasnt something he had planned to do when he agreed to walk with her, but the moment seemed right.
She was opening up to him, revealing a part of herself he hadnt seen beforeat least not that he could remember, and all he wanted to do was show her how much she meant to him.
Even if he couldnt say the words, he could still reveal his feelings.
After a moments hesitation, she responded to him.
Her lips were soft and warm, and he wanted nothing more than to stay like this forever.
She was wonderful.
Absolutely and completely wonderful.
But too soon, she pulled away from him and brushed a tear from her cheek.
Anna? he asked, wondering why a kiss should make her cry.
She shook her head and turned from him.
I cant.
Its not right.
What do you mean its not right? he pressed.
She led the horse further down the path, so he hurried after her.
I dont understand.
Were married.
What could be wrong with us sharing a kiss?
I cant explain it.
You cant explain it?
She stopped walking and faced him, her eyes begging him to understand something she couldnt tell him.
Youre better off not knowing.
Im sorry.
He stared at her for a long moment, wondering if he should press the issue or let it go.
The only reason he relented was because he was afraid if he didnt, her wall would go right back up, which was the last thing he wanted after the progress they made that afternoon.
All right, he softly replied.
Ill take the reins now.
She glanced at the reins and then at him.
Watkins, I She released her breath.
Why do you have to be so nice?
Of all the things she could have said, he didnt expect that.
Laughing, he took the reins from her, and despite his apprehension, he stepped around her and stood next to the horse.
I dont see why being nice should be a problem.
Giving a slight grin, she replied, Its not.
Its just She shook her head and rubbed her forehead.
Youre not used to it, he filled in for her, his laughter dying down.
Im sorry about that. Before she could respond, he took her by the arm with his free hand.
All I have to do is walk this horse by pulling the reins, correct?
Yes, thats all there is to it.
Then there should be nothing to worry about. Hoping he didnt give away his fear of the animal, he stepped forward, and the horse followed.
Realizing his grip had tightened on her arm, he apologized and loosened his hold.
This might be more appropriate. She brought his hand to hers and clasped it.
Well take it slow.
Theres no need to rush things.
He nodded, and together, they headed back to the stable.
* Chapter Eleven Chapter Eleven{{{1 Chapter Eleven
It was the middle of February and Anna decided shed play a melody she hadnt played for a couple weeks.
It was her favorite one, but as she played it on this particular day, it didnt soothe her troubled mind as it had in the past.
Nothing she tried eased the conflicting emotions she felt at knowing Watkins was hurt, and worse, that she was the cause of it.
Even now, he was outside walking the horse.
It bothered him to do it.
She saw him from the window of the drawing room before she sat down to play music.
He was keeping the horse at a good distance, and when the horse neared him, he jerked a bit and reestablished the distance that made him the least uncomfortable.
She had offered to go with him as she had the other day, but he insisted on doing it himself.
She wondered if his desire to do it alone had more to do with being away from her than from showing the others that he didnt need his wife holding his hand.
She really couldnt feel more awful if she tried.
Here he was, doing what she wanted despite his fears, and she was refusing to marry him.
Though he hadnt said more about it after their talk at the fountain, she noticed he wasnt as cheerful as he used to be.
Oh, he was pleasant and sweet, but some of the enthusiasm shed come to expect from him was gone.
She had no idea two gentlemen who looked exactly alike could be so different.
In some ways, it would have been easier if Jason wasnt so nice.
She gritted her teeth and stopped playing the melody.
No.
He wasnt Jason.
He was Watkins.
She must not think of him by his Christian name.
She closed her eyes and picked up from where she left off.
She managed to finally slip into the world where only her imagination could take her.
The swell of the music embraced her soul, and she gave herself to the experience of feeling.
No more thinking.
No more wondering if she was right or wrong.
For the moment, she was lost in her solitary world where she sat in a gazebo with nothing but fog surrounding her.
Snow fell around her but the gazebo remained untouched, and in her mind, there was no bitter chill.
There was just the peace of being alone in a place where no one could find her.
But then someone emerged through her protective barrier, and it took her a moment to realize who it was as the fog dissipated around him.
Jason.
Gritting her teeth, she banged the keys in frustration.
No.
He wasnt Jason!
He was Watkins.
Your Grace?
Startled, her eyes flew open and she saw a concerned Appleton standing next to an amused Lord Mason.
Biting back a groan, she turned to Appleton.
Yes?
Lord Mason is here to see His Grace, he replied.
As if she didnt have a care in the world, she resumed playing the melody.
Well, he cant.
His Grace is out with his horse.
I havent known you to be so dismissive of me, Lord Mason spoke, a slight warning in his voice.
My husband is no longer ill, Lord Mason, she replied with more bravado than she felt.
While I appreciate the concern youve shown him during that time, you may go back to seeing him a couple times a year.
She realized the more she talked, the harder her fingers hit the keys, but something about Lord Masons visit struck her the wrong way.
Not that his visits were ever welcome, but today, it seemed unnecessary.
Why couldnt the scoundrel leave them alone?
In light of my brothers lack of memory, I thought Id do him a favor and tell him about his past.
You werent there when he was growing up.
Its to his benefit he knows everything, dont you agree?
Her fingers paused on the keys and forced her gaze in his direction.
I suppose youll insist on it no matter what I say.
Appletons eyebrows furrowed, and she knew what he was thinking.
Never, in all the time that insufferable oaf of a husband had been alive had she dared to talk to Lord Mason this way, but she was tired.
Tired of who she used to be.
Tired of trying to maintain an appearance of her old life.
Tired of Lord Mason scanning her up and down as if she were nothing better than a prostitute who was there to service him.
Tired of tolerating the harsh way Lord Mason and her husband had treated her.
She wanted nothing more than to be free.
Free to be who she truly was and free to love who she wanted to.
She wanted to love Jason.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
No.
It was Watkins.
Is Her Grace feeling well? Lord Mason asked Appleton.
Shes fine, my lord, Appleton replied, placing his arm around her shoulders and leading her to the settee.
Its something common to ladies.
A little rest and some tea, and shell be back to her old self.
Lord Masons eyebrows rose in interest.
Something common to ladies?
Is this good news for my brother?
Her head shot up, and she glanced at Appleton who shrugged.
Its not that.
Im not expecting a child.
Id explain, but the matter is of a private nature.
Lord Mason nodded and bowed.
My apologies, Your Grace.
I had hoped it was good news.
She highly doubted hed be happy if she were expecting a child since it would mean hed never secure her husbands title, but she gave a polite smile as if she believed him.
Let him think her time of month was upon her.
It excused a lot of things, especially her foul mood.
She sighed.
Once, just once, shed love to wipe that satisfied smirk off his face.
Often, she imagined giving him a good slap.
She didnt think he could retaliate since Jasonsince Watkins was alive.
Ill take my leave, Lord Mason began, but if I happen to see my dear brother, Ill have to greet him.
Its only proper.
She let out a weary sigh as Appleton showed him out.
Why wasnt he leaving her and Watkins alone?
He was never that interested in his brother.
Sure, they attended each others dinner parties and spent some time together when they were in London, but Lord Mason hadnt made it a point to visit on a regular basis.
It seemed that ever since she and her husband returned from London because her husband took ill that his brother paid frequent visits.
At first, she assumed it was because he wished to know if hed be the next duke, but nowwith Watkins good healthshe suspected another motive.
Standing from the settee, she walked over to the window and searched the grounds.
She didnt see Watkins anywhere, but that didnt mean Lord Mason wouldnt see him and insist on talking to him.
She took a deep breath and released it.
At some point, she had to trust that Watkins could hold his own against the likes of Lord Mason.
***
As soon as Jason saw his brother, he halted in his steps along the grounds.
The horse he was leading brushed his shoulder with its nose, causing him to jerk away from it.
He tightened his grip on the reins and wondered for the millionth time why the beast should give him such unease.
The horse wasnt difficult.
It followed his commands without a fuss.
But there was something frightening about it.
And it wasnt just this horse.
All the horses made that cold shiver of dread crawl up his spine.
The only thing that walking the horse around seemed to do was enable him to be near it without dropping the reins and running for his life.
He took a deep breath to steady his nerves as Mason approached, riding his horse as if he didnt have a care in the world.
How Jason envied him that level of comfort on the animal.
But now wasnt the time for petty jealousies.
It wouldnt do well to show any sign of weakness in front of him.
Jason didnt have to remember him to understand he was a dangerous gentleman.
In an effort to appear brave, he headed in Masons direction, glad the horse willingly changed their course.
Ah, its a fine day for a ride, isnt it? Mason called out as soon as he was within hearing distance.
Jason waited until he slowed to a trot before he spoke.
I thought Id take a break from riding and walk for a while.
Walk?
You? Mason threw his head back and laughed.
Since when do you walk?
Since I had a near miss with death.
Walking is good exercise.
Mason pulled the reins so that the horse stopped.
So is bedding a lady who likes it rough and running before her husband shows up to her bedchamber, but I only do that in moderation.
Jason was too shocked by his brothers bluntness to respond right away, and when he did, he laughed.
Youre telling a joke.
If you say so. He shrugged and examined his gloves.
These were a gift.
Like them?
Glad for the change in topic, Jason nodded.
Theyre nice.
Theyre from British India.
Its fine craftsmanship like this that makes me glad I went there.
Its a shame you missed such a marvelous opportunity, but perhaps well get a chance to go together in the future.
Perhaps, Jason said, though he had no intention of it.
I didnt come out here to talk of exercise or gloves.
I thought you might find it profitable to learn about your past, and while your wife can fill you in on some parts of it, I can tell you everything.
Why dont you get on that fine animal, and well go for a ride?
Struggling not to give away his apprehension, he said, I need to take him back to the stable. He turned to lead the horse toward the stable, hoping that would be the end of this part of the discussion.
Unfortunately, Mason urged his horse forward so he could keep pace with Jason.
You can ride the horse back to the stable.
I know.
I just dont want to.
I want to walk.
You are nothing like the gentleman you once were.
The Jason I knew would never degrade himself by walking a horse.
Ignoring the taunting from his brother, Jason decided he wouldnt give him the satisfaction of making him get on the horse.
If he did, then his brother would know he could twist things around so he did his bidding.
Very well, Mason said, sounding bored.
Ill go at a very slow pace to keep up with you.
Jason refused to look in his brothers direction.
He decided to slip around the other side of his horse so he wouldnt be trapped between both horses.
As it was, the one he owned was hard enough to manage without panicking.
Without bothering to glance in Masons direction, he asked, You wanted to tell me about my past?
I figured itd be the right thing to do, given Im your brother and all.
All right. Jason doubted he could stop him from telling him about his past if thats what he wanted to do, so the sooner he went along with it, the sooner Mason would leave.
Where do you want to start?
Now this is something I do remember about you.
You were always one to get right to the point.
Surprised since nothing else he did seemed to be the same as how hed once done things, he peered around his horse to see the amused look on Masons face.
I was?
Yes.
With you, it was either say it or stop wasting your time.
Jason nodded.
Hed have to take Masons word for it, but he had a feeling that given Masons tendency to draw things out, he most likely lost patience with him long ago.
You neednt worry.
Ill get on with it, Mason said, not disturbed by the silence on Jasons end.
Has Anna told you when you were born and where?
September 2, 1784, right here at Camden.
Yes.
I hear that our parents were very protective of you and refused to let anyonenot even our relativessee you until a week after you were born.
Such was not the case when I was born three years later.
They invited everyone to see me almost as soon as I took my first breath, and its reported that you worshipped me immediately.
Jason resisted the urge to roll his eyes at his brothers joke.
Apparently, you lost your sense of humor when you lost your memory. Mason shrugged.
Mother had another child, a girl, but she was stillborn.
After that, she bore Father no more children.
You and I grew up side by side, making friends at the boarding house.
We met the gentlemen who attended my dinner party there.
All of them?
Yes.
Some sooner than others, and we ended up attending Eton together.
What were my interests?
You loved riding horses, Mason pointedly stated.
He sighed.
Granted that was the case, and Anna had already made that clear.
He didnt know why he had such an aversion to them now, and when he asked Anna about it, she couldnt give him an answer.
Maybe Mason would.
Did I fall off a horse?
No.
You were always good on one.
Jason sighed in disappointment.
So much for finding out why horses bothered him as much as they did.
The good news is that you took a fall down the staircase and survived, Mason commented.
Considering your injuries and how long that staircase is, Im surprised it didnt kill you.
Frowning, he peered around the horse again and noticed the dark expression on Masons face.
Mason glanced his way, and he quickly turned his attention back to the stable, which was close up ahead.
The sooner he could get to the stable, the better.
But you asked about your interests, so Ill tell you, Mason continued, his tone now pleasant.
Besides horses, you love the theater, music, dancing, chess, gambling, drinking, Whites You like things other gentlemen enjoy.
What we need to do is go through the desk in your bedchamber.
You keep important papers there.
Jason recalled the papers but said, We can do that another day. They reached the stable and he handed the reins to the stable master, relieved the ordeal with the horse and Mason were finally over, at least for now.
I must go back to the house.
Oh, then I should join you.
Perhaps we can share a glass of brandy?
You never turn down a glass of brandy.
He removed his riding gloves.
Maybe next time.
I think Ill rest for a while.
Rest?
After a walk?
It was a long walk. And there was more truth to that than Mason would understand.
He didnt think the ordeal with the horse would ever end.
It was a pleasure to see you again. He gave the obligatory bow and waited for Mason to return the farewell with a nod before he headed for the manor.
* Chapter Twelve Chapter Twelve{{{1 Chapter Twelve
Anna tapped the window, watching as Watkins bowed to Lord Mason and stepped away from the stable.
She would have given anything to know what the two had just discussed.
The distance between her and the two gentlemen was too great for her to see their faces.
If she could, their expressions might clue her in to whether their conversation had been pleasant or not.
Someone cleared his throat, so she turned from the window.
Appleton set a tray of tea on the table.
Are you feeling well, Your Grace?
Ill be fine. She went to the settee and poured the tea into her cup.
Do you want some?
No, Your Grace. He waited until she took a sip of the tea before he added, I cant help but notice you seem unhappy.
Is there something about His Grace that I should know?
Catching his meaning, she shook her head.
Hes done nothing to hurt me.
In fact, hes the kindest gentleman Ive ever met, besides you.
Ah, I think I understand the conflict.
Hes an easy person to like.
Too easy. Her throat constricted on the confession.
Up to now, shed kept her swirling emotions from him, but now they were screaming for attention.
I dont like it.
With a chuckle, he asked, Why not?
I think you know the answer to that, she whispered, afraid to speak the words.
If it eases your mind, Ive seen the way His Grace looks at you, and a person would have to be blind not to see that he cares for you very much.
I dare say he might even love you.
She forced down another sip of tea, blinking back her tears.
Yes, thats what Im afraid of.
Why is it something you should fear?
Because it wasnt supposed to be like this.
He was supposed to fill a role, nothing more.
Sighing, he sat across from her and turned his tender eyes her way.
You were miserable with your husband.
There was a time when you wanted so desperately to find a way out of the marriage that you tried to take your own life.
She settled the cup in her lap, her gaze settling on the scars at her wrists, forever a reminder of the lowest point in her life.
Dont you owe it to yourself to find what little happiness life has to offer? Appleton softly asked.
Theres so much sorrow in the world, why turn your back on the chance to experience joy?
A tear slid down her cheek, but she didnt brush it away.
I dont deserve him.
Ive been lying to him all this time.
He wants to get married so he can have the memory of our wedding, but itd be another lie because we wouldnt be getting married again.
No, you wouldnt be getting married again.
Youd be marrying him for the first time, but isnt that in your best interest?
Wouldnt it set your mind at ease to know hes really your husband?
Then that would be one lie you wouldnt have to live with anymore.
She shook her head and took another sip of the tea.
I dont feel like reading the Banns and waiting for someone to object before the priest would marry us, if hed even agree to do it.
I dont think Lord Mason will sit by and let the marriage happen.
I think hed suspect something was wrong.
You dont have to make it a formal event.
You think I should consider a special license?
Or you could make a trip to Gretna Green, Appleton quietly suggested.
Then he would have a memory of the wedding.
Granted, it would be a simple affair, but you will exchange vows with him.
Lord Mason doesnt need to know.
And itd offer you the security of knowing you are truly married to him.
She sighed.
He made several good points, but if she married Watkins, shed be getting too close to him.
Right now knowing he wasnt really her husband was the only safe thing she had to hold onto.
I cant, she whispered.
She expected him to protest, but he didnt so she finished the rest of her tea and set the cup on the tray.
Footsteps crossing the threshold alerted her to Watkins presence in the room.
Eager to find out what Lord Mason told him, she rose to her feet and approached him.
Your Grace, is all well?
Watkins gaze went to Appleton before settling on her.
Yes.
I managed fine with the horse.
That wasnt what she meant, but she didnt think it was wise to question him about Lord Mason until they were alone.
Would you like some tea?
Its got a dash of peppermint in it.
No, not right now. He glanced at Appleton again.
I think we should take a walk.
Ill wait here while you change into a suitable dress.
It took her a moment to understand he was dismissing her.
Her eyes widened when she realized he wanted to talk to Appleton alone.
She looked at Appleton who stood by his chair, quietly waiting for their instructions.
Appleton would never betray her.
The secret burial of her husband would die with him.
Turning back to Watkins, she nodded.
Ill return shortly. With nothing else to say, she left the room.
***
Jason waited until Anna was climbing the stairs before he softly closed the door to the drawing room.
He turned his attention to Appleton and crossed the room until he was standing in front of the butler.
There is something Ive been meaning to ask you, and I require you to be frank with me, even if you know I wont like the answer.
Appletons expression remained impassive, giving no indication if Jasons solemn tone worried him or not.
What is it, Your Grace?
I notice that you and my wife are close, closer than it seems a butler and Her Grace should be.
Appletons eyes lit up with understanding.
Oh, you mean to inquire about my relationship with her?
He nodded.
You have no need to worry, Your Grace.
I think of her as a daughter, nothing more.
Relieved, he relaxed.
May I ask how such a relationship came to be?
When you married Her Grace, things were different from the way they are now.
There were times when it was best if she wasnt alone with you.
I learned to always be nearby in case she needed help.
In case she needed help.
You mean, in case she needed your help?
Id rather not go into details about the past.
Its not pertinent to how things are with you and her today.
If its my past, I have a right to know what happened.
After a moment of silence, Appleton slowly said, Suffice it to say, alcohol gave you a terrible temper, and if you werent happy, you had a tendency to take it out on her.
The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end.
How bad was I? he softly asked, afraid of the answer even as he needed to know it.
Lets just say she wouldnt be here today if I hadnt caught her late one night at the gazebo.
Gazebo?
Theres no gazebo on these grounds.
Not after I had it burned, Your Grace.
It was the one place where she sought comfort.
On one particular night, I was returning from the stable and thought I saw someone in the gazebo.
I expected an intruder, but it was Her Grace and there was blood running down her hands.
Blood? Jason swallowed and squeaked out, Did I stab her?
No, but she had bruises.
I didnt realize it until after I carried her to the house and wrapped her wrists.
She didnt angle the blade right, and that was to her advantage since its why she didnt die that night.
After that, I stayed by her side.
It didnt happen again.
Jason collapsed into the nearest chair, sure he was going to be sick as it occurred to him what kind of person hed been.
No wonder Anna didnt want to talk about the past, and no wonder she didnt want to marry him again.
It was a marvel that she wanted to spend any time with him at all.
Your Grace, Appleton began, once again choosing his words carefully, I wouldnt hesitate to leave you alone with her.
Youre not the same gentleman.
Head bowed, Jason didnt respond.
How could he do something like that?
He didnt think he had it in him to be violent that way, especially to someone as sweet as his Anna.
Is there anything else you require? Appleton softly asked.
He shook his head, relieved when Appleton left the room.
He didnt know how he could face Anna after everything hed just learned.
He placed his face in his hands and tried to think of a wayany way at allhe could rectify the damage hed done.
The door creaked open, and he looked up in time to see Anna enter the room.
Without thinking, he fell to his knees in front of her and took her hands in his.
Anna, I dont know what to say.
Appleton just told me the truth.
The color drained from her face.
Hehewhat?
Will you forgive me?
Her eyebrows furrowed.
Forgive you?
I am so sorry. Unable to maintain eye contact with her anymore, he lowered his head and swallowed the lump in his throat.
I was a brute, a loathsome creature.
I readily admit it.
If I could go back and undo the damage Ive done, Id give my life to do it.
Appleton told me about the way I was, how I hit you, why you tried to end your life I dont deserve a second chance, but if youd grant me one, I promise Ill never be harsh with you again.
Please stop, Anna finally said and pulled her hands out of his.
He couldnt blame her.
His apology came too late.
There was no way she was going to open herself to him again.
He should be glad shed even be willing to talk to him.
After she closed the door, she returned to him and leaned over him.
Stand up, Your Grace.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
Even if I dont remember, Im still responsible for the abhorrent way I behaved.
No, no youre not.
She wrapped her arm around his shoulders and urged him to stand, but he couldnt bring himself to face her.
With a sigh, she knelt by him and took his face in her hands, forcing him to look at her.
His eyes teared up and he shook his head.
Her grip on his face tightened.
Jason, I order you to look at me. She released her breath and closed her eyes for a few seconds before opening them.
I cant explain everything.
Youll just have to take my word for it, but here goes Youre not the same person I married.
What that person did is not your burden to bear.
You have nothing to be sorry for.
You are a gentle, kind, and caring gentleman.
I dont want to think about the past.
I want to embrace the future.
For the first time in my life, I can do that, and I dont want what happened back then to taint what I have now.
Can you do that for me?
Can you forget what Appleton told you?
That seems to be a question more appropriate for you to answer given the way you suffered.
Yes, I can forget.
I have forgotten. Her eyes filled with tears, but she blinked them away.
When I look at you, I dont think of any of it.
I only think of how much better things are now.
He cupped her face in his hands and brushed her cheeks with the pads of his thumbs, wondering what hed done to be blessed with a lady who was so willing to forgive him.
I make you this promise: I will never do anything to hurt you again.
A tear trickled down her face, and he gently wiped it away.
He leaned forward and kissed her forehead.
He felt another tear fall down her cheek and lowered his head so he could kiss it away.
She lowered her hands and held onto his arms.
At first he thought she meant to pull him away but soon realized she had tightened her hold, a silent encouragement for him to stay close to her.
And honestly, there was no other place hed rather be.
He didnt know if she brought her lips to his or if he brought his lips to hers, but his heart leapt at the intimate contact.
It was so wonderfulso completely wonderfulto be with her this way.
He might have taken this for granted before, but he wouldnt again.
When their kiss ended, he pulled away from her so he could look at her and smiled at the joy he detected on her face.
So thats what she looked like when she was happy.
Since his health improved, hed noticed the sorrow in her eyes, but now there was no sorrow there and it gave him a feeling of elation to know they really could start over.
I want to marry you, he whispered.
Even if it is foolish, I feel itd be a new beginning for us.
Please say yes.
She let out a light chuckle and brought her arms around his shoulders.
Yes.
I want nothing more than to marry you.
His heart ready to burst, he pulled her into his embrace and kissed her again.
The past was the past and could stay there.
From now on, it would be the future.
And he could think of nothing that could ruin it.
* Chapter Thirteen Chapter Thirteen{{{1 Chapter Thirteen
Annas hands shook as she collected her comb and hand mirror and placed them in her valise.
It was hard to focus on what she needed to pack when her heart was beating so fast she thought it might jump out of her chest.
She stopped for a moment and took a deep breath to help ease her nerves.
She couldnt believe she was doing something this rash.
It seemed like a dream.
To be sure, she pinched herself.
No.
She was still awake.
Your Grace, you ought to let me pack your things, her ladys maid said as she entered the bedchamber.
I know.
Its just that I She blushed and took another deep breath.
She didnt feel comfortable with her enough to say that she was too excited by Jasons kisses to have fetched her to pack on her behalf.
Her maid smiled.
I think I understand, and its about time you enjoyed life, Your Grace.
Unsure of what to say, Anna changed the topic.
Ill select something to change into before I leave.
Ill help you with it.
With a nod, Anna turned to her wardrobe to select her traveling outfit.
Once she did, her maid helped her into it and styled her hair.
Ill pack my things, Your Grace, she said when she was done.
I wont be long.
No, Anna quickly replied.
In her haste, shed forgotten her maid would plan to prepare for the trip as well.
Good heavens but her mind wasnt what it should be.
Her thoughts were one big jumbled mess.
Clearing her throat, she added, His Grace and I want to make this a private affair.
You dont need to explain to me, Your Grace, but Ill add that I think its terribly romantic.
Yes, it is, isnt it?
And that made Annas stomach tighten even more in a mixture of fear and anticipation.
She wanted nothing more than to marry Jason, but in the back of her mind, she worried that someone would discover that he wasnt the real Duke of Watkins.
And if he found out, what then?
Would he still want to be with her?
Pushing aside her worries, she pulled the cord that would notify Appleton her things were ready.
I hope you have an enjoyable trip, her maid called out as she left the bedchamber.
By the time Anna turned from the cord, her maid was already gone.
Anna went over to her vanity and checked her reflection.
She couldnt recall how long itd been since she cared about her appearance, but she wanted to please Jason so she studied her hair to make sure not a strand was out of place.
Then she pinched her cheeks to give them more color.
You have something for me to take to the carriage, Your Grace? Appleton asked, his lips curled up into a grin.
I take it youre happy, she replied as she turned away from the mirror.
He stepped into the room and shrugged.
I might be a slight bit relieved youre showing good judgment.
Resisting the urge to let him know that his answer amused her, she motioned to the items she planned to take with her.
As he picked them up, she lowered her voice and said, His Grace blames himself for things he never did.
Appleton sighed.
It wasnt my intention to let him know, but when he asked why you and I are closer than a butler and the lady of the house are supposed to be, I had to explain to him that my interest in you goes no further than that of a father and daughter.
So he knows about that night you found me in the gazebo?
He nodded.
But I didnt tell him about your husbands mistresses or illegitimate children.
Those things arent unusual for a duke to have.
No, they arent, but I didnt wish to burden him with all of your husbands indiscretions.
Maybe hell find out anyway.
Maybe, but not today.
He was right.
Considering Jasons reaction to finding out as much as he had, it was best not to give him another reason to experience undeserved guilt.
Ill take these down now, Appleton softly said and left her bedchamber.
She watched him as he left, thinking it would have been better off if Jason had never found out about that part of her past.
It wasnt right he should bear the guilt of another gentleman, and yet, it was his guilt that pushed her over the edge.
Shed fought her feelings for as long as she could, but knowing how deeply he wanted to protect her crumbled what was left of the wall that shed carefully constructed around her heart.
And now she would love him forever.
She didnt know if it saved her or doomed her, but she knew the course was set and shed follow it, wherever it led.
***
The new valet presented Jason with his comb, and as Jason ran it through his blond hair, a knock came at his bedchamber door.
Ill get that, Your Grace, the valet said.
Jason nodded and turned his attention to the mirror.
He couldnt stop thinking about the new start he and Anna were making.
It was a huge step they were taking, and hed always be grateful she was willing to do it.
The valet returned to him.
Is there anything else you wish to take for your trip?
Appleton is ready to take your valise to the carriage.
Just this. He handed the valet the comb and looked at the doorway where Appleton stood.
No longer seeing the butler as a threat to his relationship with Anna, Jason smiled.
Ill be down soon.
As Appleton came into the room, Jason turned to the valet.
You may go.
The valet bowed and headed out.
Jason waited until Appleton carried his things out of the room before he went to the small room off to the side of the bedchamber.
Itd been a curious thing that Mason should mention the desk in this room.
He glanced back at his empty bedchamber.
If he was going to take a better look at the contents in that desk, now was a good time.
Besides, if he didnt, it would be on his mind during his trip, and hed rather be focusing on Anna than thinking about this desk and Masons curious interest in it.
He sat down at the desk and opened the drawers, wondering what it was that he should be looking for.
There were many papers, and they were neatly divided up into categories.
Since he was still learning to read, most of the script looked like a jumbled mess, but he did come across a list of numbers.
Numbers were far easier for him to understand, so he took it out of a stack.
The name at the very top was his fathers name.
He ran his finger along the top column and softly sounded out the few words written on it.
Then he ran his finger along the left side and down the rows.
Excited, he realized this was the list of salaries his father used to pay the servants.
A careful study of the list, however, made him frown.
Two and a half months ago, he recalled going down the staircase at a slow pace, afraid if he went too fast, hed do more harm to his body and delay a walk with Anna.
He hadnt had the patience to wait for her to decide it was a good time to see him, so he was on his way to see her.
As he made his way down the stairs, he listened to her play on her piano, her music blocking out the sound of his footsteps.
When he reached the bottom of the staircase, he noticed that the footman and steward were in a heated discussion further down the hall.
Their heads were bowed together but their gestures indicated a difference of opinion.
Something about it bothered him, and in that instant, he knew that he shouldnt let them see him.
He lifted the cane and made his way down a nearby corridor so they wouldnt hear him.
He gritted his teeth at the pain that pierced his side, but he was rewarded for his effort when he realized they were arguing over their wages.
Now as he studied the numbers on the sheet his father had written long ago, he understood their contention.
He hadnt been paying them as much as his father had.
He slipped the paper back in its proper location and went to the cord along his wall to summon the steward.
Anna had explained that the steward handled the finances, so he was the right person to talk to.
As he waited for the steward, Anna opened the door adjoining their rooms.
Pleased she chose the private way to come see him, he smiled.
I hope youre not having second thoughts about running off to Gretna Green with me.
Her cheeks grew pink and she shook her head.
No, Your Grace.
I was ready to head downstairs and wondered if you wanted to join me.
He sighed and brought her into his arms, loving how soft she was against him.
I thought we moved beyond this Your Grace thing.
You should be calling me Jason.
I can call you both, she insisted.
Your name is Jason, and your title allows me to refer to you as Your Grace.
You have an answer for everything, dont you?
Its the correct one, Your Grace.
Then she brought her arms around his neck and kissed him.
He pulled her closer to him and deepened the kiss.
Now that hed gotten a taste of what kissing her was like, he didnt want to stop.
Her lips were warm and inviting, and when her tongue brushed his, a jolt of excitement surged through him.
He couldnt remember what being in bed with her was like, but he couldnt wait to explore the pleasures waiting for them.
She ended the kiss and drew away from him.
In private, I can refer to you as Jason, but in public, we have to be more formal.
Disappointed she was no longer in his arms, he replied, I wont call you Anna in public.
I know.
Im just explaining why I wont when others are around.
But you just referred to me as Your Grace a moment ago, and were alone.
But I meant it as a term of endearment.
Well, there was that.
A knock came at the door, directing his attention to the steward who waited for his permission to enter.
He turned to Anna.
Ill be down shortly.
She nodded and left the room.
He motioned for the steward to enter before he asked, Did you bring the ledger?
I do every time you summon me, Your Grace, he replied, his voice almost hesitant.
Good.
Id like to know what everyones wages are. He held his hand out.
The steward handed it to him.
Jason opened it and turned to the sunlight coming through the window to get a better look at the columns and rows.
It took him a couple minutes to get a firm grasp on what was happening with the finances.
Turning back to the steward, he said, It appears that my father paid you and the others more than I do.
The steward furrowed his eyebrows.
Your Grace?
Is that an accurate assessment?
Well, yes.
When did I make such a decision?
Shortly after you acquired the title.
Jason ran his finger along the page in the ledger.
So that is almost seven years?
Yes, Your Grace.
Jasons gaze returned to the page and settled at the bottom where the balance was.
He couldnt do the calculation in his head, so he went to the desk in the other room and wrote down the numbers until he came up with the proper back payment plus raises due the staff.
When he returned to the steward, he handed him the ledger and the paper.
I believe I owe you and the others your back wages and the appropriate raises for your services.
His jaw dropped.
Your Grace?
Do you have a problem with accepting the money rightfully yours?
No, no I dont.
You can see according to the household balance that I have more than enough.
Yes.
Jason waited for the steward to continue since he opened his mouth to say something, but then he closed his mouth and took another good look at the paper in his hand.
I must be going, Jason said.
I trust youll relay this to the servants.
The stewards shock gave way to a hearty chuckle.
Yes, Your Grace.
Of course.
Good.
Feeling much better to right yet another wrong in his past, Jason followed the steward out of his bedchamber so he could be with Anna.
* Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fourteen{{{1 Chapter Fourteen
When the inn at Gretna Green came into view, Jason turned from the carriage window and saw Anna peering out her window.
Its too late to change your mind, he told her in a playful tone.
We came all the way to Scotland. He took her hand in his and squeezed it.
You have to marry me now.
With an amused smile, she said, I dont recall suggesting we turn around and go back home.
I just wanted to make sure you didnt consider that an option.
I wouldnt think of it.
Good. He pressed his lips to her cheek.
I promise Ill be good to you.
I know youll be, she whispered and squeezed his hand.
The carriage came to a stop at the inn, and they went in to secure their room.
Though his stomach growled and it was the dinner hour, he didnt feel like waiting to get married.
He turned to Anna as she laid her belongings on the small vanity in their room.
Ill see what I can do about getting a priest.
She placed her brush by the mirror and glanced at him.
You dont want to eat first?
The priest might be busy.
I want to make sure we get married tonight.
Once you set your mind to something, theres no stopping you.
With a lady like you, can you blame me for being impatient?
Though she sighed, a smile hinted at her lips.
Youre far too charming for my own good.
Secretly pleased, he said, Ill be back as soon as I secure an appointment.
I imagine you wont rest until you do.
Of course not. He went over to her and kissed her.
Ive been looking forward to this for a very long time.
Before she could comment, he hurried out of the room.
After he went to the innkeeper and found out where one of the priests lived, he left the inn.
On his way down a path, someone called out the name Alastair.
He didnt think anything of it until the person got more insistent.
Wondering who was calling out the name, he stopped and turned to the person.
To his surprise, the gentleman was heading straight for him.
Jason waited for him to catch up to him.
Is there something I can help you with, sir?
Sir? The gentleman laughed and patted him on the shoulder.
You and I were friends since we were children, and you address me so formally?
Im afraid I dont know what youre talking about.
He laughed again.
Oh, Alastair, you always did have a sense of humor.
Good thing, too, considering the lot you were given in this life.
But never mind all that.
You look good.
I take it they were gracious enough to let you go.
Or did you escape?
Jason didnt know what to make of the gentlemans strange ramblings, but he knew they were meant for someone else.
Im not Alastair.
Im Jason Merrill, the Duke of Watkins.
The gentleman stopped laughing and studied him.
But the resemblance He motioned to his face and then the rest of him.
You dont recognize me?
Im Don.
You know, the fire eater?
Jason shifted uneasily from one foot to another, not sure what to make of the nonsense the gentleman was saying.
Im sorry, sir, but I dont know what else to tell you.
Perhaps Alastair is at home.
No, Alastair doesnt live here. He scratched his head and examined him again.
Youre really not Alastair?
He shook his head.
No, he wasnt Alastair, and the fact that this stranger assumed he was perplexed him.
Maybe youll see him again.
At least, I hope you will. Obviously, it was important to this gentleman that he did.
I must be on my way.
His face fallen, he nodded.
Im sorry, Your Grace.
Think nothing of it.
He turned to take a step away from the gentleman when the gentleman said, Its ironic.
Thats something Alastair used to say.
Unsure of how to respond, Jason shrugged and continued on his way to the priests residence.
He didnt know what to think of the strange encounter except that there was someone out there who looked just like him.
Whatever the situation, it didnt concern him.
His thoughts returned to Anna, and he forgot all about the gentleman.
***
Anna stood by Jason an hour later.
When shed married the first time, there had been a large group of people who watched.
The unmarried ladies were envious that she managed to snag a duke.
Even she had been in awe that she would be a duchess as soon as the wedding was done.
Back then the title was so important to her and her family and friends.
What a silly thing a title was.
It didnt lend itself to happiness or safety.
It was meaningless when one woke up trapped like an animal in a cage, when one day passed slowly into the next, when death was the only means of escape.
But her second marriage wouldnt be like that.
Jason, whod come out of nowhere, had something more important to offer her than a title.
With him there would be love and security.
She had no doubt about that.
So it was with gratitude she promised herself to him.
This would be the first day of the rest of her life.
What was once lost had been found.
Shed been given a reason to enjoy life again, and she decided that she would embrace all of it.
Appleton was right.
There was so much sorrow in life; it was foolish to deny a chance to be happy when the chance came along.
After they were married, Jason said he wanted to get something for her.
Despite her curiosity, she resisted the urge to follow him and returned to their room so she could get ready for bed.
She felt a flutter in her stomach at the knowledge it was time to be intimate with him.
She spent more time than necessary brushing her hair at the vanity table and recalling their exchange of vows.
It couldnt have been better.
Even without all the splendor, it was better than her first wedding.
Her lips curled up into a smile.
What could be more wonderful than the joy at knowing she was safe with her husband?
The door to the room opened, and Jason entered it, hiding something behind his back.
She took in his mischievous grin and put the brush on the table.
What are you hiding? she asked, trying to see what was behind his back.
He laughed and turned so that her effort was in vain.
Ill show you if you give me a kiss.
Amused, she approached him, aware that her shift caressed her body as she walked forward.
His gaze traveled down the length of her.
Youre beautiful.
Ignoring the nervous thrill that shot through her, she stepped up to him and kissed him, aware that her breasts lightly brushed his chest.
She cleared her throat.
Will you show me now?
Show you what? he asked.
Whats behind your back?
He blinked and chuckled.
Oh.
Right.
I almost forgot. He took the roses from behind his back and presented them to her.
I got these for you from a merchant.
Theyre lovely, she whispered and touched the soft pink and red petals.
Thank you.
She told me if you hang them upside down, theyll dry out and you can keep them forever.
Ill be sure to do that.
She kissed him again, and this time he brought her into his arms and deepened the kiss.
The roses still in hand, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her body against his.
He groaned and let his hands fall down her back and to the curve of her rear end.
He parted his lips, and she responded in kind, inviting him into her mouth.
His tongue caressed hers, claiming her mouth.
A swell of excitement coursed through her.
It was such a wonderful feeling to be desired so passionately.
He pulled away from her and took the roses so he could place them in the vase on the table.
When he turned back to her, she decided to beat him to it and remove his clothes for him.
She found she enjoyed the process, peeling off layer after layer, slowly exposing more of him.
Where such boldness was coming from, she didnt know.
She wouldnt have believed herself capable of being this way before, but with Jason, it was easy to forgo her inhibitions.
She wanted to be intimate with him, for his body to claim hers, to be consumed by his love.
He didnt deny her the exploration she craved.
If anything, he encouraged it.
He shrugged off his clothes to help her and guided her hands from his shoulders to his stomach.
She hesitated along the scars that reminded her of the night she and Appleton found him in the forest.
It was a double-edged sword to be angry with whoever hurt him while being grateful they left him for her and Appleton to find so she could be with him now.
She blinked back her tears in case he assumed she didnt want to be here with him.
The truth was she wanted to be here.
There was nowhere else shed rather be, nothing else shed rather be doing.
Even the joy of music failed in comparison to this moment.
Jason brought his hands to her shoulders and gently massaged them.
His lips went to her neck and she moaned.
She tilted her head to the side while her hands traveled further down his body.
She wrapped her hands around his erection, noting its strength.
The area between her legs ached for him.
Even if she hadnt enjoyed her time with her first husband, shed discovered that she was capable of pleasure and wanted to experience it with him.
She ran her hands down his length and brought them back up.
He softly moaned and squeezed her shoulders.
She let go of him and pulled the shift over her head.
Before she had time to toss it to the floor, he was cupping her breasts and studying them.
She would have chuckled at his impatience had he not brushed her nipples with his thumbs, an action which made her knees grow weak.
Lets go to bed, she whispered, her voice raspy.
He didnt argue as she took him by the hand and led him to the bed.
Together they settled on it, and he gathered her into his embrace and kissed her, his lips no longer gentle but determined.
He rolled on top of her, and she wrapped her legs around his waist aware that the male part of him was nestled at her entrance.
But he didnt enter her as she thought he would.
He moved his hips, his erection stroking her sensitive nub, and she gasped from the stimulation.
Enjoying the way he was teasing her, she rocked her hips with him.
He lowered his head and kissed her neck, flicking his tongue along the path to her ear, making her squirm in delight.
She felt moisture build between her legs as he continued to stroke her nub with his arousal.
She could so easily take him into her, but he broke the intimate contact in favor of getting on his knees so he could get a good look at her body.
He took his time in studying her, first with his hands and then with his mouth.
He explored her breasts, circling her nipples with his thumbs before he brushed them with his tongue.
She groaned and murmured his name.
His response was to bring one of his hands between her legs and insert two fingers into her so he could stroke her core.
It wasnt long before she realized the pleasure mounting deep inside her meant that shed climax soon, but she wanted him to be inside her when she did.
She quickly removed his fingers and rolled him onto his back.
He helped her straddle him before he entered her.
She moved above him, her sensitive nub rubbing against his body.
Looking down at him, she saw him open his eyes and smile at her.
Smiling in return, she closed her eyes and gave into the urge to pursue her climax.
Nothing else mattered at this moment except that theyd both find satisfaction in this act.
And it wasnt long before she reached the peak, her body clenching around him as he stiffened beneath her and released his seed.
She gasped and remained still, lightly groaning as wave after wave of pleasure consumed her.
When they both descended back to Earth, she collapsed in his arms.
Out of breath, they remained silent, and she listened to the soothing beating of his heart.
Thank you, he whispered.
She lifted her head so she could look at him.
For what?
For marrying me again.
Now I have this memory to look back on and enjoy.
I do, too.
With a smile, she kissed him, and it wasnt long before they were making love again.
* Chapter Fifteen Chapter Fifteen{{{1 Chapter Fifteen
As Anna and Jason returned home in the carriage, she narrowed her eyes when she realized Lord Mason was talking to the footman.
She couldnt be sure, but it appeared as if they were having an argument.
The footman shook his head and threw his hands up in the air in a manner that indicated hed had enough of their discussion before he hurried into the manor.
She expected Lord Mason to leave, but he didnt.
He turned in time to see the carriage and headed for the front entrance.
Her grip tightened on the reticule resting in her lap.
Whats wrong? Jason asked, peering out the window to see what caught her attention.
Its Lord Mason, she grumbled.
Leave it to him to ruin her good mood.
He is my brother.
I suppose hes coming by because were family?
Maybe. She wasnt sure.
Something about his frequent visits made her uneasy.
If you dont mind, Id like to have a word with him.
You think hes intruding?
Wondering how much she could tell him without arousing his suspicions, she decided to say, Before you became ill, he made it a habit of stopping by two or three times a year.
Then suddenly, he started coming by once a week.
That often?
When you were sick, I thought She paused, not sure if it was necessary to tell him more or not.
You thought what? he pressed.
She sighed, not sure if it made a difference or not but decided it didnt do any harm to tell him.
I thought he was waiting for you to die so he could take your place.
Jason frowned.
You mean, he was eager to see me die?
A title avails a gentleman much, and the better the title, the more its desired.
I understand.
Noting the hurt in his voice, she slid her arm around his and kissed his cheek.
Thats the way Lord Mason is.
He doesnt care about anyone but himself.
It has nothing to do with you.
He sighed.
Im not surprised.
Hes done nothing to make me think hes my friend.
He hasnt?
No.
She wondered if hed disclose more than that, but the carriage came to a stop.
She released his arm and got ready to confront Lord Mason.
Shed had enough of him.
Appleton understood the situation and would help her.
Now that she had Jason, Lord Mason had no power over her.
The coachmen helped them down, and Lord Mason waited for them near the carriage door.
I understand congratulations are in order, Lord Mason said, his hands behind his back.
A second wedding.
I suppose it was necessary, given the circumstances.
His gaze darted to Anna who froze in place next to Jason.
Lord Mason knew her secret.
No, he couldnt know.
Not for sure.
She and Appleton were careful the night they buried her first husband.
So he didnt know.
But he suspected.
And that made him more dangerous than hed ever been.
Whatever she did from this point forward, she must not raise his suspicions further.
Jason turned to him.
To what do we owe the pleasure of your visit?
I came to talk to you, Lord Mason said, directing his attention back to him.
It was on the tip of Annas tongue to protest, but she knew she couldnt.
Not without making Lord Mason question why she was suddenly protective of Jason.
She bit her tongue so she could keep quiet.
It was hard to dopainful evenbut she managed.
Jason nodded.
I suppose a brief walk might be good after a long ride back. He gave Annas arm a squeeze.
Ill return to you shortly.
Again, she used all her willpower not to say something as the two gentlemen left together.
The only saving grace in this situation was knowing that Jason didnt remember anything.
Since he really did have amnesia, then Lord Mason couldnt catch him in a lie.
Even so, she wished Jason hadnt run off with him.
Sure, her first husband could stand up to him, but Jason was so gentle and kind, she wasnt sure what to expect.
Your Grace, did you have a good trip?
She turned in time to see Appleton approaching her.
Her shoulders relaxed, and she smiled.
Yes, I did.
Im glad to hear it, he replied.
She waited until the coachman departed with the carriage before continuing.
Lord Mason is here.
Yes, I know.
He came to see His Grace, but I told him His Grace wasnt due back until later today.
You came sooner than I expected.
You say everything is all right?
Yes.
It couldnt be better.
I never knew marriage could be so wonderful.
It seems to me that marriage is neither good nor bad, but its the people in it who make it so.
She chuckled.
Thats true.
The right person makes all the difference.
Its nice to see you laugh. He grinned and motioned for her to go into the house.
Ill have your favorite tea and biscuits made for you.
Thank you, Appleton.
As she walked toward the steps that would take her inside, she heard a horse neighing.
Hopeful, she turned to see if Lord Mason was heading off the property, but to her dismay, he wasnt.
Instead, she saw him and Jason riding their horses.
Appleton? she asked, turning to him.
Its not my place to tell His Grace he shouldnt ride a horse, he softly told her.
But you know how much it scares him.
And he knows it, too.
Lord Mason is baiting him, she weakly said, her heart pounding anxiously in her chest.
Youll have to trust that His Grace can take care of himself.
If he went on the horse, then theres a good reason for it.
He was right.
She knew he was right, and yet, she wanted nothing more than to run out there and demand he return the horse to the stable at once.
After six years of being miserable, she was finally happy, and Lord Mason was threatening to take that away from her.
Its best to let His Grace handle things, Appleton told her, his tone sympathetic.
All right.
And its not like he knows the truth.
Thats to his benefit.
And he must never know.
She didnt have to say it.
Appleton understood.
As long as Jason didnt know, he was safe from anything Lord Mason might try to do.
***
One would never think youve ridden a horse before, Mason called out.
Jason couldnt be sure if Masons tone was teasing or mocking, but he was focusing too much on his horse to care.
It wasnt that it felt unfamiliar to be on it.
In fact, it felt as if he had been on it in the past.
But something about the animal made his stomach turn, as if it was determined to see him harmed.
It was nonsense, of course, since it had been the fall down the stairs that injured him, but it was still an unsettling feeling.
You say you dont remember how to ride a horse? Mason asked, trotting beside him.
I did lose my memory, Jason said, hoping his voice didnt betray how nervous he was.
Why did he let Mason talk him into riding a horse?
He never should have agreed to it, but there was something about Mason that made him want to prove he could perform any task, no matter how dangerous.
And that wasnt good.
You forgot how much you love to ride that magnificent stallion, Mason said.
Its your pride and joy.
It is? The horse stepped into a slight dip and Jasons grip tightened on the reins.
Its all right, he thought.
He wasnt going to fall off and be run over by the thing.
He gulped, wondering why he should even imagine the animal running over him.
Glancing at Mason who was scanning the landscape with mild interest, he asked, You said I never had any trouble with horses?
Mason chuckled.
I should say not.
They knew better than to defy you.
You were a formidable gentlemanbefore the memory lapse.
Jason caught the silent challenge in Masons stare, but he couldnt hold his gaze.
He had to focus on the path his horse was traveling, and that required far more attention than he cared to admit.
You dont remember falling down the stairs? Mason pressed.
No.
How could I?
Thats why I lost my memory.
And you fell down the stairs leading to the main entrance?
Yes. Thats what Anna told him, and he had no reason to doubt her.
So while you were deathly ill with a fever, you stood up and tried to walk down the stairs.
Right.
Hmm
Hmm, what? Jason snapped, not appreciating whatever Mason was hinting at.
Theres no need to be touchy with me, dear brother.
Im merely wondering how a fall of that magnitude didnt break your neck.
It was probably because of the way I fell, Jason replied, heat rising up to his face.
Are you calling my wife a liar?
Most certainly not.
I just never heard of a gentleman who fell down the stairs and survived.
Well, now you have.
Yes.
I have indeed.
Jason let out a frustrated sigh.
As much as he tried not to show Mason that he could bother him, it didnt work.
Mason knew exactly how much he was upsetting him, and by the smirk on his face, he took a fiendish delight in it.
Lets not tarry, Mason said.
The whole point of being on a horse is to ride it, is it not? He gave him a wink and urged his horse into a full gallop.
Jason decided he should get over his fear of the horse, and the sooner, the better.
He wouldnt give Mason any more reasons to taunt him.
With more courage than he felt, he snapped the reins and joined Mason.
It wasnt so bad now that hed adjusted to the way the horse moved, but he couldnt stop the feeling that hed fallen off of it at some point in his past.
Maybe he did and no one else knew about it.
Sweat broke out across his forehead.
He felt the world tilting around him for a brief instant, but he blinked and refocused.
To his surprise, Mason wasnt taking the trail but was veering off toward a group of trees.
He gripped the reins and fought the urge to turn back toward the fountain where it would be safer.
If Mason insisted on going this way, then hed do it.
Now do you remember why you loved riding? Mason called out.
I told you I dont remember anything, he shouted, breathing heavier than he knew he should be.
The ride wasnt that strenuous, but his mounting apprehension about those trees was making it harder to breathe.
He gulped and put pressure on the stirrups, slightly lifting himself off the horse.
He had no idea what he was doing or why, except it seemed natural to do it.
They came closer to the trees.
So close, in fact, he wondered if theyd have enough time to stop.
Mason made a smooth turn and ran alongside the trees, and since he urged the horse to go faster, Jason fell behind, unwilling to go faster than he already was.
He didnt like this.
His horse was going under the trees, and the branches seemed too low.
Heart racing, he tried to fight the sensation of falling off the horse, but the sensation was too strong.
Something in him snapped, and he knew he couldnt stay on the horse anymore.
He reached up, grabbed one of the thicker branches, and swung up on it.
His horse neighed and bucked back, hitting the branches, but Jason leapt over to another branch before he lost his balance.
Mason pulled the horse to a stop while Jasons horse ran off in the direction of the stable.
Gasping for air, Jason turned his attention to Mason who looked up at him with a surprised look on his face.
He gripped the bark of the tree in his hand, his shock making it so that he couldnt speak.
How did you do that? Mason asked.
Jason gulped and shook his head.
I dont know.
Did I ever do this before?
Ive never seen you do it. After a moment, he threw his head back and laughed.
Bravo, dear brother.
You did a splendid job.
But I am wondering if you can get back down?
I dont know.
Well, lets see if you can do it.
Seeing as how he had no other choice, he swung down the branches until his feet hit the ground.
He looked up at the highest tree branch hed been on and wondered how he reacted in time to get up there.
He didnt think he made it a habit of climbing trees.
For some reason, that didnt seem right.
But somehow, he had done something similar.
He turned his attention to the ground.
While up there, he hadnt been afraid of the height, and he wondered if that should be a surprise.
Marvelous.
Absolutely marvelous. Mason clapped his hands.
I wouldnt have believed it if I didnt see it with my own eyes.
You must come to my estate.
Ill have a dinner party, and you can tell everyone about it.
Oh, I dont think thats necessary.
Mason slid off his horse and led it over to him.
Not necessary?
After a fine show like that, you deserve a round of applause.
I insist on inviting our friends over so you can receive the praise you deserve.
Now, I wont take no for an answer.
You are my brother, after all, and I cant wait to see the look on Ians face when he finds out how you did that.
Lord Hedwrett?
Yes.
You do remember we called him Ian at my last dinner party?
There were many names I had to remember that night.
I understand.
Im sure we overwhelmed you.
Fortunately, you will be able to see everyone again, and this time, we wont be strangers. Mason patted him on the shoulder and led him and the horse in the direction of the manor.
Itll be good for you.
Anna will enjoy it, too.
Candace will be there.
I hear the two get along so well they forget the other ladies are in the room with them.
He knew Anna wouldnt like the idea, and he liked it even less.
Before he could reply, he caught sight of Anna hurrying in their direction.
Excuse me, Mason. Worried something was wrong, he ran to meet her.
She slowed and waited for him to reach her before she came to a stop.
I saw your horse go by and thought you were hurt.
Pleased she worried about him, he grinned.
No, I didnt get hurt.
But why did the horse run off?
I left it in favor of a tree branch.
What?
He glanced over his shoulder and saw that Mason was almost within hearing distance of them.
Ill explain later.
My brother wants us to go to another one of his dinner parties.
She grimaced and shook her head.
Jason, Id rather not.
I know. Since Mason had come close enough to hear them, Jason turned to him.
I regret to inform you that my wife and I will be detained for a time, so we are unable to attend your dinner party.
We are enjoying our time as a newly married couple, or at least newly married from my perspective.
I trust you understand.
Mason glanced from her back to him and bowed his head.
Forgive me for imposing.
Of course, you need time to be with her.
Ill send an invite at another time.
Then you can tell everyone your marvelous act while we were at the trees. He hopped up on his horse.
At a more convenient time.
Jason waited until Mason left before turning back to Anna who visibly relaxed.
He really bothers you.
She shrugged and crossed her arms.
Hes not the nicest of gentlemen.
I understand that, he replied and pressed his hand on the small of her back to lead her to the manor.
I wish he wouldnt come by so often.
It wasnt pleasant when he came by a couple times a year, but its disturbing he keeps coming by as often as he does now.
Thats why I told him we prefer to spend time alone.
Perhaps hell stay away longer this time.
I hope so. After a few moments, she asked, Will you tell me what happened at the trees?
With a chuckle, he nodded.
I have to admit it was a surprising display of my agility.
I had no idea I was capable of such a thing.
What thing is that?
When I rode close enough to a tree branch, I swung up on it as if Id done it all of my life.
Do you recall me performing such a task before?
Her eyebrows furrowed and she shook her head.
No, no I dont, she whispered, an uncertain tone in her voice.
What do you think it means?
I have no idea.
I suspect Ive done something similar in the past.
I must have if I knew what to do, dont you think?
Biting her lower lip, she nodded but didnt say anything.
Perhaps its something I learned before I met you.
I think what surprised me the most was how natural it was, as if I was born doing it.
I know that sounds odd since I obviously didnt do it often, but it feels like I did.
She glanced at him, and he thought he saw a worried look in her eyes.
Anna, are you all right?
Taking a deep breath, she offered him a tentative smile and slipped her arm around his.
Yes.
Im fine.
IIm just relieved youre all right.
It doesnt sound like jumping on a tree branch while riding a horse is a safe maneuver.
Probably not.
Thats why it seems like I shouldnt know how to do it, and yet I do.
Well, neither one of us know why, so I suppose its not worth thinking about anymore.
He grinned and kissed her cheek.
Youre right.
Id rather think about us instead.
Her body relaxed against him.
I agree.
What do you want to do today?
I wouldnt mind seeing if everything has been put away in your bedchamber. He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Her cheeks grew pink as she caught his meaning.
Im sure everything is fine, but if it makes you feel better, we can do that.
It would.
Plus, we need to get out of these clothes.
Yes, indeed we do.
Catching the teasing gleam in her eye, his smile widened as they continued their stroll to the manor.
* Chapter Sixteen Chapter Sixteen{{{1 Chapter Sixteen
In April, Anna woke up in her bed, wrapped in Jasons arms.
Ever since they married, hed slept in her bed, something that pleased her though she wouldnt tell him.
It was wonderful to be loved so well.
The past six years were now a blur to her, and if she had to go through it all again so she could be with Jason, she would.
She studied her husband as he slept.
In sleep, he looked happy.
Of course, he looked happy while he was awake, but she fancied that in sleep, he always had good dreams.
She brushed aside the lock of blond hair that had fallen over his eyelids and noted the silky strands between her fingers.
Then she traced his cheek and his jaw, enjoying the rough sensation.
He would shave it away, but she liked the masculine appeal it gave him.
His eyes opened and he smiled.
Good morning, he murmured and drew her closer to him before he closed his eyes.
Good morning, Your Grace, she whispered.
Did you have good dreams?
I did.
Then I woke up and realized they were all true.
Pleased, she gave him another kiss.
What can I do to make you happy today?
Take me to London.
Why London?
Arent you content to remain here?
I am. He opened his eyes and cupped the side of her face with his hand.
I enjoy every moment we have together.
I just remember what you said about London.
The theatre, the balls, a walk in Hyde Park, the museum...
There are so many things to do there.
I want to go to them.
I want to experience everything.
I want to embrace life.
Taking in the enthusiastic tone in his voice and the excitement in his eyes, she knew she didnt have a choice.
Hed been hiding from the world in this place.
She sighed.
Youre right.
Ive been selfish to keep you here all to myself.
He chuckled and kissed her.
I wouldnt say selfish.
It gave us a second chance.
Ill never regret that.
She wouldnt either, but she wondered if it was wise to send him to London where people knew her first husband.
Undoubtedly, Lord Mason would be there this time of year.
She took a deep breath to steady her racing heart.
There were far too many things to fear, and now she had to worry that someone in London would figure out Jason wasnt the duke.
God help her if that person knew Lord Mason.
She released her breath and hoped Jason didnt pick up on her increased heart rate.
Well have a wonderful time there, Anna.
Jasons soothing tone helped her relax, but only a little.
Youll see, he continued.
Well go to London and see the sights and dance.
Well have some great memories that well bring back with us to warm us up during the cold winter months.
And if the memories dont warm you up, Ill be happy to help.
Despite her apprehension, she found herself laughing at his joke.
There.
Thats better, he said and hugged her.
I cant deny you anything, she replied.
Thats a good thing, he insisted and kissed her again.
Wrapped protectively in his arms, she could only hope the decision to go to London wouldnt be the wrong one.
***
Jason sorted through the desk that was in the room off to the side of his bedchamber.
Now that he could read, he wanted to see what documents were in the desk.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead and checked to make sure the small window in the room was open.
It was and the breeze wafting into the room was cool.
Someone knocked on the door, and he looked up, surprised to see Anna standing in the doorway.
I thought you wished to play a few songs on the piano before you retired for the night, he said.
I planned to, but then I thought of something I need you to do.
Will you come to my bedchamber when youre done in here?
If she wanted to make love to him, all she had to do was say so, but he thought it was charming she was too embarrassed to come out and say it.
With a wink, he said, Ill be there soon.
Though she seemed confused by his reaction, she shrugged and nodded.
Ill be waiting for you.
Ill have everything ready.
Theres not much time to waste.
He chuckled.
I didnt realize you were so impatient for me.
Well, its something that needs tending to, and the sooner, the better.
In that case, do you want me to join you right now?
No.
Im not that impatient.
I can wait until youre done in here.
He watched her as she left the room and grinned.
It was nice to be wanted so badly.
His gaze went to the open drawer in the desk.
It was the last one he had to examine.
He collected the papers and a safe and set them on the desk.
Sorting through the papers, he learned what assets came with the estate, and after reading through those, he picked up the safe.
He studied the lock and recalled the key he put in his cabinet.
Placing the safe down, he went to the cabinet near his bed and opened it.
He searched the bottom of the shelf and found the key.
Once he returned to the room, he sat at the desk and inserted the key into the lock.
After he opened it, he pulled out the documents and studied them.
With a frown, he put them down and opened a drawer so he could pull out the paper where the family lineage was documented.
This doesnt make sense, he whispered as he set the paper beside the family tree hed found in the safe.
The paper was nearly identical, except for one thing.
He traced through the lineage to compare the two pieces of paper.
Everything was the same except for one thing: one person was missing from the family tree.
That person happened to be his twin brother.
Setting the paper aside, he searched through the other papers in the safe and discovered a notice of death.
He sighed.
His poor parents, especially his mother.
He recalled that Mason said their parents refused to have visitors shortly after Jason was born and now it made sense.
Their parents were grieving the death of the first twin, his older brother of three minutes who was never named.
The cause of death was reported as a stillbirth.
He sighed and picked up another piece of paper.
It was a letter from his father instructing Jason to never mention the death of the unnamed boy.
Jason put the paper down and debated whether or not such a thing was necessary.
Why keep the infants death a secret?
There wouldnt be anything to gain from it.
He sat back in his chair.
He should tell Anna, shouldnt he?
Drumming his fingers on the desk, he thought over the pros and cons to both options.
Sighing, he rubbed his eyes.
He didnt like the idea of keeping anything from Anna, but telling her wouldnt change things.
It certainly wouldnt bring his brother back.
Looking at the safe and papers around it, he decided he would honor his fathers wish and not tell anyone about his twin brother.
He put everything back in the desk before he returned the key to the cabinet.
His attention went to the door connecting his bedchamber with Annas, and he smiled.
Hed kept his wife waiting long enough.
The poor lady went through all the trouble of telling him how much she wanted him in bed with her.
The least he could do was oblige her.
He decided he wouldnt bother his valet this time and dressed for bed.
When he secured the straps of his robe, he went over to the door and entered Annas room, pleased to see that she was also in her robe.
She sat in front of her vanity and brushed her hair.
His smile widened and he tiptoed over to her.
He covered her eyes with his hands.
Guess who? he whispered.
Umm She tapped the brush in her hand.
Can you give me a hint?
Chuckling, he removed his hands and kissed her cheek.
Does tall, strong, and handsome sound familiar?
No, not really.
Youre charming. He kissed her neck, and she giggled.
Now, what did you want me for when I was in my bedchamber? Even if he already knew, hed like to hear her to say it.
I need you to read that book.
He waited for her to say she was joking, but she pointed to her desk, which was on the other side of the room.
Just to make sure she wasnt kidding, he humored her and walked over to the desk.
His eyes grew wide.
Indeed, she hadnt been joking.
The book sat on top of the desk, opened to the first chapter as if mocking him.
At least there werent papers beside the book this time or else hed be expected to practice his writing as well.
He knew she took the task of teaching him to read and write seriously, but this was ridiculous.
Why did you call me to your bedchamber if you had no intention of using me for your pleasure? He turned from the desk and watched as she brushed her hair in front of her vanity mirror.
I wont be able to concentrate on reading while were in your bedchamber.
You would have done better to take me to the library like you usually do. He crossed his arms.
A gentleman cant focus when theres a bed in the room.
She finally glanced his way and gave him an amused smile.
I thought youd be more comfortable reading in here than in that stuffy library.
The chairs in this room are more comfortable.
Well, Im not going to be comfortable in here if all Im going to do is sit in a chair and read.
I assure you that I wont leave you unsatisfied, Your Grace, but we already delayed your progress by spending too much time in intimate pursuits.
You still have things to learn about being a duke.
He groaned and plopped down in the chair by the desk.
I fail to see what the urgency is.
I lost my memory.
People will understand if I dont do everything perfectly.
Regardless of whether you lost your memory or not, there are certain expectations you must fulfill in polite society.
You dont want to do anything that causes a scandal.
He glanced at the book.
And a book this gigantic is going to prevent me from causing a scandal?
Those are etiquette guidelines, and yes, its important you read them.
With a grimace, he brought the book into his lap and flipped through it, picking out random passages to read.
If a gentleman passes a lady he is briefly acquainted with, he must not tip his hat or greet her unless she first acknowledges him.
When walking up the stairs, gentlemen must go first.
When walking down the stairs, ladies must go first. He placed the book back on the table.
I dont see how those things matter.
They matter a great deal, Jason.
You must take everything in that book seriously.
Youd be surprised at how little it takes for gossip to circulate through London, and the Ton can be unforgiving if you upset the wrong person.
Have you been the victim of gossip?
No, I havent, but Ive seen others who have been, and its not pleasant.
Candace had to settle for marrying Ian because no other gentleman would have her.
Candace made the mistake of making a morning call without the proper allowance from her superior.
The superior in question happened to be Lady Cadwalader, and she has a lot of influence with the Ton.
Had it not been for that social blunder, Candace could have married someone far better than Ian.
Ians one of the few gentlemen who wont let the Ton dictate what he can or cant do.
He needed a lady to give him an heir so he offered his suit, and her brother arranged the marriage on her behalf. Her voice drifted off as she inspected the brush in her hands.
Curious, Jason leaned forward.
You dont like Ian?
Hes Lord Masons friend, and people are often known by the company they keep. She turned her attention to the mirror and resumed brushing her hair.
So you see why its important that you read the book.
If were going to London, you need to be acquainted with the proper etiquette. She glanced his way and smiled.
Besides, the book isnt gigantic like you claim.
You can read it in one sitting if you wish.
Im sorry, Anna, but I have no intention of staying up all night reading.
Ill humor you and read some of it tonight, but I have something far more interesting to study than what the Ton wants me to do or not do.
Her face grew pink at his meaning, and she averted her gaze from his.
Finding her reaction to intimate talk adorable, he stood up and approached her.
He took the brush from her and gently brushed her silky blonde hair, which fell to the middle of her back.
What are you doing? she asked, turning her head in his direction.
He turned her head back to the mirror and continued to brush her hair.
Brushing your hair.
All right.
Perhaps I should have worded the question differently.
Why are you brushing my hair?
He shrugged.
I thought itd be a good way to start studying you.
She chuckled.
I think you already know everything about me.
Theres always something new to learn. He lifted her hair and kissed the back of her neck, noting that she shivered in delight.
Ah, I see I found a sensitive spot right there.
He kissed her again and grinned when a soft moan escaped her lips.
Letting go of her hair, he brushed it a few more times before placing the brush on the table in front of her.
He brought his hands to her shoulders and, noting how tense her muscles were, massaged them.
You neednt worry about London.
Ill behave myself as required, he promised.
And if Im not sure about something, Ill ask you.
You will read the book, wont you?
Yes. He laughed and worked his way down her back.
Ill read and memorize every painful word.
Painful?
You have to admit that reading an etiquette book isnt exactly the most stimulating way to spend ones time.
No, but its necessary.
He knelt beside her and kissed her cheek.
I know its necessary.
I wont do anything to embarrass you.
She turned toward him and clasped his hands.
Jason, its not about being embarrassed.
I just dont want people to think youre different from the way you were before.
You used to know all the etiquette rules and obeyed them.
And Ill obey them this time.
But can you explain why gentlemen walk in front of ladies when going up the stairs and why they walk behind ladies when going down the stairs?
That is simple.
It all has to do with the ankles.
The gentleman must never see a ladys ankles.
When a lady goes up or down the stairs, she might need to lift the bottom of her dress ever so slightly to avoid tripping on the hem.
Its possible that a gentleman might see her ankle in such a situation, but if he walks in front of her while going up the stairs and behind her while going down, he cant see the front of her dress.
With a wicked grin, he slid his hand under her robe and touched her ankle.
So seeing your ankle would be scandalous?
Not in the privacy of a bedchamber, but I wouldnt recommend you take a peek at my ankle while were in public.
Then its a good thing were in your bedchamber. He traced the curve of her calf and brought his hand up her thigh.
She parted her legs, and he accepted her silent invitation and lightly brushed the inside of her thighs.
I promise I wont lift your dress to see your ankle when were in public.
As he hoped, she laughed at his joke, but her laughter died down when he leaned forward and kissed her neck.
She shifted in the chair and spread her legs so he could touch her more intimately.
He brushed his tongue up to her earlobe and left a trail of kisses from where his tongue had been.
His fingers teased the folds of her flesh before he inserted a finger into her, noting her soft warmth.
She moaned and gripped the arms of her chair.
Now this was more like it.
Hed rather be doing this than reading a book.
He slid another finger inside her and stroked her core in the way he knew she liked.
She rewarded him with another moan and rocked her hips.
His thumb found her sensitive nub and he caressed it using circular motions he knew she liked best.
Up to that point, theyd always been undressed when enjoying each others bodies, but he couldnt deny the thrill of doing this while they were still clothed.
He continued kissing the side of her neck, mindful to brush his tongue over the sensitive area that made her squirm in pleasure.
She gasped and moved faster, an action which motivated him to use more pressure on the bundle of nerves in her core.
She was getting wetter with each stroke, and his erection throbbed in anticipation as he continued to caress her tender flesh.
Her moans grew louder, something that aroused him further since he knew she was almost at the peak.
He loved giving her that experience, knowing it was him who was giving her the height of sexual pleasure.
And when she cried out and her flesh clenched around his fingers, he groaned, pleased he had succeeded.
After she relaxed, she took his face in her hands and kissed him, her tongue brushing his lips, prompting him to open his mouth for her.
He obeyed and her tongue interlaced with his.
She deepened the kiss, and his fingers continued to lightly tease her flesh.
Moaning, she shuddered and ended the kiss.
You feel good, she murmured, leaving a trail of kisses from his jawline to his ear.
You do, too, he whispered in a raspy voice, thinking there was nothing more wonderful than a ladys body.
She nudged his fingers out of her and motioned for him to lie down on the rug.
He did as instructed and smiled as she pulled his robe open, exposing his erection.
She turned so she was facing away from him and straddled him.
Intrigued, he lifted her robe, pleased by the view of her backside as she guided him into her body.
He loved the initial contact as he entered her, loved how her flesh surrounded him with its moist warmth and drew him deeper into her.
He murmured his appreciation and held onto her hips as she rocked them back and forth.
The position required her to do everything, something that left her in complete control, something he certainly didnt mind.
His body tightened as he felt the familiar tension building up inside him.
When he finally reached the peak, he cried out and released his seed.
She waited until he relaxed before she got off of him and turned to face him.
With a smile, she gave him a lingering kiss.
He sighed in contentment and pulled her into his arms.
Now thats worth coming to your bedchamber for.
She giggled and nudged him in the side.
Dont forget to read the book.
I wont.
Ill start it in a few minutes.
All right.
You should stop worrying, Anna.
Youre much too nervous about London.
Everything will be fine.
After a few minutes, he kissed the top of her head and helped her to her feet.
He adjusted his robe and led her over to the desk.
Ill start reading the book, and you can sit on my lap and keep me company.
Without waiting for her response, he set her on his lap, wrapped his arm around her waist, and picked up the book.
She settled against him, and he started reading.
* Chapter Seventeen Chapter Seventeen{{{1 Chapter Seventeen
Two weeks later, Anna sat in the drawing room of her London townhouse.
Shed never been more grateful for the calming presence Appleton provided.
While Jason changed into new clothes so they could go to the museum, she drank tea, grateful she had a chance to talk to her friend.
She looked over at Appleton as he dusted off the piano.
You dont think anyone will suspect Jasons not the duke, do you? she quietly asked, mindful to listen for footsteps in case someone was on their way to the drawing room.
I doubt it, Your Grace. Appleton turned his caring eyes in her direction but wiped off the keys.
He looks just like the duke, and now he can read and write fluently.
He can play chess and knows everything the duke did.
Hes prepared for this.
She nodded and took a sip of tea.
Itd been quite the process to teach him everything he needed to know, but since they found him in the forest, theyd dutifully tended to the task and now they would see if their efforts had been in vain or not.
She prayed their efforts hadnt been in vain.
It was one thing for Lord Mason to be suspicious, but if others were as well, then what would stop Lord Mason from investigating further?
Whatever might be said of Lord Mason, she wouldnt accuse him of being a fool.
You should enjoy yourself while youre here, Appleton finally said.
Yes, I know, she whispered.
She wished she could follow his advice.
She really did.
For once in her life as a duchess, she was happy.
Truly and completely happy.
It was too good to be true.
Nothing this good could last forever, could it?
She placed her empty cup down and rose to her feet.
Taking a deep breath, she smoothed her dress and put her hat on.
She studied her reflection in the mirror.
No one would suspect how anxious she was, which was good.
As long as she kept her feelings beneath the surface, no one should question things.
She tied the ribbon under her chin and adjusted the hat so it was comfortable.
I suppose the only way to get over my fear is to go outside and face the people my first husband knew.
He paused and straightened up, and she caught sight of his concerned expression.
The only way youre going to feel better is if you do the same things you always did while in London.
Wish me luck?
He offered her a tender smile.
All the luck to you and your husband.
She could do this.
Jason could do this.
Appleton was right.
They couldnt have done anything else to prepare Jason for London.
He knew all the etiquette rules.
All she could do now was hope other people would believe he was her first husband.
She gave Appleton a tentative smile before she left the drawing room.
She was ready to head up the staircase leading to their bedchambers when she saw Jason bounding down the steps.
Its a lovely day to go out, isnt it? Jason asked when he reached her.
Yes, it is.
It reminds me of the days we walked to the fountain, she replied.
He kissed her on the cheek and grinned.
Well take more walks when we get back.
In the meantime, well enjoy everything London has to offer.
The museum is first, correct?
They turned to the door, and she nodded.
Yes.
Itll be a good way for you to see the portraits of royalty so you can match their names with their faces.
Im looking forward to it.
As the footman opened the door, she left the townhouse first and descended the steps.
She waited for him to catch up to her before she accepted the footmans help into the carriage.
Once Jason settled next to her, the footman closed the door.
She waited until the coachman urged the horses forward before she took Jasons hand in hers and squeezed it.
You amaze me.
Ive never seen anyone embrace life the way you do.
With you as my wife, I have a good reason to.
Ill never give you a reason to regret giving me a second chance.
He kissed her, and his lips lingered on hers.
If only it could be just the two of them forever, secluded from the rest of the world.
Then her life would be complete.
The kiss ended all too soon, and she was, once again, aware of the other carriages that passed them by.
If nothing else could be said for London, she had to admit that it was full of excitement.
There was something to do for everyone.
But she decided they would do what Jason wanted.
As long as she was with him, it didnt matter what the activity was, but she suspected their calendar would soon be full since shed left the necessary calling cards at their friends and acquaintances residences.
This evening well go to Hyde Park? he asked, putting his arm around her shoulders and drawing her closer to him.
From five to six, is it?
Yes.
Will we see anyone we know there?
Im sure we will, she replied.
Are you nervous about meeting them?
No.
Should I be?
She sighed.
How she envied his ease with new situations.
I wish I could be more like you.
I like you just the way you are.
The carriage came to a stop, so he put his arm back at his side and looked out the window.
The museum is bigger than I thought.
London has a rich history to celebrate.
Indeed, it does.
The coachman opened the door, and they stepped out of it.
When they reached the entrance of the museum, she caught sight of Lord Mason.
She narrowed her eyes at him.
There was no way hed follow themwas there?
What a surprising coincidence, Lord Mason greeted.
I didnt know you were in London. Glancing her way, he added, It was rather rude of you to not leave me a calling card.
I did, she lied.
I suppose it got misplaced once your butler took it.
His smile stiffened.
I must have a word with him so hell be more careful in the future.
Yes, you must, she replied, turning her attention to her gloves and acting as if she didnt have a care in the world.
What brings you to the museum? Jason asked his brother.
I didnt think portraits interested you.
And how would you remember that? Masons gaze went to Anna.
Did she tell you Im not a cultured gentleman?
No, its not that, Jason replied.
I gathered from our talks that you preferred travel abroad to being stuck in a museum.
Ive been known to be in museums from time to time. Giving Jason a wink, he added, You, however, had other places you went to on a frequent basis.
Jasons eyebrows furrowed.
I did?
Anna cleared her throat.
My lord, I insist you recall that youre in the presence of a lady. Of all things Jason had learned about her first husband, she had no desire to expose him to his indiscretions.
Lord Masons lips curled up into a smile that reminded her of a cat that was stalking a mouse.
Anna, I cant recall a time when youve been sooutspoken.
That only proves you dont know everything about me, she said, mustering the kindest smile she could.
Apparently not, Lord Mason replied.
I gather theres some other things I dont know as well. His gaze went to Jason, and he scanned him up and down.
Theres certainly much to learn about my brother who seems like a different person ever since he lost his memory.
A better person, I hope, Jason said.
Before he could answer, Lady Templeton came up to him, followed by an older gentleman.
Lord Mason, youre much too fast for us. She giggled and turned to Anna and Jason.
What a pleasure it is to make your acquaintance again. She turned to the older gentleman and motioned to Jason.
Father, this is the gentleman who performed that fantastic feat while riding a horse.
Yes, he is, Lord Mason added.
My brother jumped off of it while it was still running so he could swing up on a tree branch.
The whole thing really was quite marvelous.
Ive never known him to do something like it.
I invited him to one of my dinner parties so he could regale us with how he did it, but due to his second wedding to his wife, he wished to spend more time alone with her, keeping her all to himself.
A second wedding? Lady Templeton glanced at Anna.
I dont recall hearing about it.
We ran off to Gretna Green, Anna explained.
We wished for a private affair.
Private indeed, she replied with a chuckle.
Yes, usually one wedding is enough, Lord Mason added and then looked in Annas direction.
That is if you marry the same person.
However, if it was someone else
Annas polite smile froze on her face as she glanced at Lady Templeton and her father.
Would they suspect the truth now?
Would they wonder if Jason was someone other than her first husband?
Our situation is unique, Jason began, directing his gaze to Lady Templetons father.
I became ill, and in a state of confusion, I left my bedchamber and fell down the stairs.
The fall resulted in a loss of memory.
I insisted Her Grace marry me again so I could have a memory of our wedding.
Granted, it wasnt the same, but Im still delighted that I can recall her promising herself to me for the rest of her life. He turned his gaze to Anna and smiled in that charming way of his that made her knees grow weak.
Thats very romantic, Lady Templetons father said.
Yes, it was, Anna softly replied, thinking it was so like Jason to make it clear that he cared for her, even in front of others.
It isnt often a person comes across a love match, Lady Templeton said, especially when moneys involved.
Yes, Lord Mason agreed.
And both my brother and his wife came into the marriage with a good amount of it.
Anna sensed a double meaning in his words.
If she guessed right, he was suggesting that his brother gave her money when she married him, and she gave Jason money when he married her.
She clasped her hands together and squeezed them to calm her nerves.
The last thing she needed was to give him an indication that he was right.
At this point, he was only suspicious and digging to see if shed give herself away.
Fortunately, Jason couldnt fall for it.
Shed never been more relieved she and Appleton hadnt told Jason their secret.
I take it since you two are in London that youre accepting invitations? Lady Templetons father asked Jason.
Jason glanced at Anna who gave a slight nod, hoping Lord Mason wouldnt pick up on it since Jason was seeking her input on the matter.
She understood why Jason sought her opinion.
He knew how she felt about being near Lord Mason and wished to spare her any discomfort.
But she also knew it would look suspicious to everyone else if they didnt accept an invitation.
Yes, we are, Jason told her father.
Excellent.
My daughter and I are hosting a ball in five days, and wed be honored if you attended.
Wed be delighted to attend, thank you.
Lord Mason grinned.
You made the right choice, dear brother.
No one in all of British India hosts more elegant balls.
I dare say, no one in London has matched his genius either, but all of London will know that soon enough.
Her father laughed.
My lord, you flatter me.
But not beyond what you deserve, Lord Mason replied.
Anna took a deep breath and released it.
She couldnt recall the last time she watched Lord Mason trip all over himself to impress someone, and it was making her sick to her stomach.
If she didnt sense that Lady Templeton was as horrible as he was, shed extend her sympathies to the lady.
Well, my wife and I were about to enjoy the museum, Jason said and took Anna by the elbow.
I dont remember London, and we thought this would be a good place to start.
Oh? Lord Mason asked.
Are you remembering pieces of your past?
No, its not like that.
I only mean that I have a lot to learn about London, Jason replied.
I apologize for the confusion.
Seeing as how I havent been to the museum yet, I have much to learn as well, Lady Templetons father said.
Why dont we all go in there together?
What a wonderful idea! Lord Mason turned to his brother.
Itll give me a chance to tell you all the wicked things the people in those portraits did.
Lord Mason, you are a dangerous gentleman for my daughter to be around, her father said with a twinkle in his eye.
I promise to only speak to my brother when she isnt in hearing distance, Lord Mason replied.
Her father chuckled and motioned for Anna and his daughter to enter the museum first.
With a sigh, Anna realized shed be spending most of the afternoon with Lady Templeton.
Forcing another smile, she joined his daughter and spent a very uncomfortable afternoon at the museum.
* Chapter Eighteen Chapter Eighteen{{{1 Chapter Eighteen
Four days later, Jason decided to go to Whites and see if anything there would seem familiar to him.
He told Anna his plan during breakfast, and though he couldnt be sure, he thought she wasnt pleased.
Mindful of the servants, he held off on asking her why.
After breakfast, he went to his bedchamber where his valet helped him change his clothes.
Knowing Anna would also be changing clothes, he waited until her ladys maid left her bedchamber before knocking on her door.
Come in, she called out.
Accepting her invitation, he slipped into her room and shut the door behind him.
She glanced up from where she studied her reflection in the vanity mirror and smiled.
He couldnt be sure, but there seemed to be a hesitation in it.
Would you rather I not go to Whites? he asked, stepping toward her.
She took a deep breath and sighed.
You should go to Whites.
You need to talk to other gentlemen without your wife lingering about like a shadow.
Finding the way she chose to word that statement amusing, he approached her, turned her to face him, and wrapped his arms around her waist.
He gave her a kiss and noted the pleasant way she relaxed against him.
You dont linger about me like a shadow.
Maybe not like a shadow, but you have to agree I havent let you out of my sight ever since we came to London.
I take that as a compliment.
You hate being apart from me, he joked with a grin.
She chuckled.
Yes, I do enjoy being with you very much.
Thats good to hear.
I enjoy being with you, too. He gently squeezed her and added, If youd rather do something else, Id be happy to oblige.
After a moment of silence, she shook her head.
No.
You need to go to Whites.
Gentlemen should go to gentlemens clubs.
Its why theyre called gentlemens clubs.
A husband needs to be with other gentlemen from time to time just like ladies need to be with other ladies. She patted his chest and smiled at him.
You need to go.
Have a good time.
Make sure you miss me, and be happy when you see me again.
I can do that.
Good. She kissed his cheek.
Dont be too long.
No, I wont.
I figure Ill be there for an hour or two.
But, he added, I dont think thats any way for a lady in love to kiss her husband.
It should be more like this.
He lowered his head and kissed her, brushing his tongue along her bottom lip until she parted her mouth for him.
When she did, he deepened the kiss and pulled her more tightly against him.
She sighed in contentment and wrapped her arms around his neck.
They remained in each others arms for a good minute before he reluctantly pulled away from her.
Now thats how you kiss the gentleman youre in love with, he whispered.
She grinned and gave him a playful nudge in the side.
Go before I change my mind and insist you spend the day with me.
When I return, Ill be all yours, and you can do whatever you want to with me.
She giggled.
I wouldnt mind taking a stroll in Hyde Park.
Well do that.
With a wink, he headed for the stairs and left the townhouse to go to Whites.
He wasnt sure what to expect when he got there, but as he entered the establishment, someone called out to him.
Surprised, he turned and saw Lord Basemore.
Its good to see you, old friend, Lord Basemore said as he patted him on the back.
I dare say that I didnt think your wife was going to let you come here.
Shes been terribly possessive of you ever since you recovered from your illness, but I dont think you can blame her.
You almost died, after all.
I dont mind spending all the time I do with her, Jason replied.
Between you and me, I dont deserve her.
We all have our faults, but I admit that youre more likable than you used to be.
Am I?
I never voiced a complaint, of course, but I always thought you were a bit rough around the edges.
Its nice to see you as you are now.
Considering the changes Anna liked in him, he wasnt surprised to hear Lord Basemore express the same sentiment.
Forgive me for not remembering, but are we on a first name basis?
We were, but thats because were cousins.
We werent friends?
Not like you and Ian are.
It took Jason a moment to remember that Ian was Lord Hedwrett.
I have a lot to learn.
What is your first name?
Luke. He motioned to one of the chairs.
Are you up for a game of chess?
Jason indicated his consent, and he followed Luke to the chessboard.
Once they sat down, Jason glanced around the room and saw a few other men playing chess.
The cheers from the other room caught his attention.
Whats going on in there?
Oh, thats where you can play cards. Luke glanced toward the room.
Would you rather do that?
Jason shrugged.
No, I dont think so.
You might enjoy it more than chess.
At least, you used to.
Maybe Ill try it another time, Jason replied and turned his attention from the other room where another round of applause erupted.
That must be some game in there.
It usually is when Lord Edons playing.
I dont know how he does it, but he wins almost every hand he plays.
He was born with a gift.
It used to irritate you to no end because you knew he never cheated.
You tried many times to figure out his secret and finally realized he had none.
It was just pure, dumb luck, youd say.
It bothered me that Lord Edon would win?
Then I wasnt his friend?
Im not sure if Lord Edon has any friends.
He knows a lot of people, but he doesnt seem to have any close relationships.
He doesnt even have a mistress.
From what I hear, he visits prostitutes or visits ladies once and thats it.
I think its because he doesnt want to develop any emotional ties to anyone.
But to each his own, right?
Whatever Lord Edon does, its not any concern to us.
Perhaps. Jason paused before adding, Was I the same way?
No.
You had friends and mistresses.
Mistresses? He didnt recall Anna mentioning that.
You had five over the course of ten years, if I remember right.
There would come a time when youd tire of them and move on.
You always said ladies were to be enjoyed until they wore out their use.
Jason sighed.
He should have expected as much based on his other undesirable attributes in the past.
Its not uncommon to have a mistress.
Maybe not, he replied, but he already decided he wouldnt take another one.
He couldnt imagine being with someone else the way he was with Anna.
Would it be a strange thing if I admitted that I like who I am now better than who I used to be?
Luke smiled and shook his head.
To be honest, I didnt care much for who you used to be either.
Jason leaned forward and lowered his voice.
What do you make of Mason?
He grimaced.
I know hes your brother and my cousin, but I care for him even less than I used to care for you.
If you dont like him, why did you go to his dinner party?
Luke laughed.
You really dont remember how things were.
Mason isnt a gentleman you refuse.
If he invites you to his dinner party, you attend because if you dont, he has a way of making life difficult for you.
Difficult how?
Its hard to explain.
When you were upset, it was obvious.
Youd come right out and say it.
With Mason, he pretends to be your friend until he decides to do something about it, and when he does, you rarely see it coming.
Has he made life difficult for me in the past?
No, Luke replied.
He didnt do anything to you.
You would have made his life worse because you had all the money, and Mason wasnt about to let the money go.
Doesnt Mason have his own money?
Not after he lost it to Lord Edon two years ago.
You lost some money to him as well, but you had plenty left over and Mason didnt.
Masons indebted to me?
I suppose you could say that, Luke said.
You have the steward pay him a stipend every month.
Jason recalled the ledger and remembered seeing Masons name.
I thought it was standard for me to pay Mason something since I have the title.
No.
Mason has his own wealth.
Or rather, he did.
Without you there to boost him up, hed be poor.
Do you think thats something he might resent?
Resent?
I dont know how that could be since hes the one who lost his money to Lord Edon after you warned him to stop gambling.
He ought to be grateful.
If Mason was my brother, I wouldnt give him anything, but then, I dont care for him.
You ready to play chess?
Jason nodded, but his mind was still on what Luke had just told him.
He rubbed his chin.
Something was wrong.
Mason did resent him, and this might be the reason why.
But what would Mason do if he resented someone enough?
Get him on a horse, knowing full well that he was scared of riding it, and then head for the trees?
Jason didnt like the way his thoughts were going, but the more he recalled that day and how fast he had to go to keep up with Mason, he had to wonder if Mason was hoping hed fall.
Jason? Luke asked.
Forcing his mind off of Mason, he turned to the chessboard.
Anna explained how to play the game, but Im afraid I dont remember all the rules.
Will you refresh my memory?
Certainly.
Jason listened attentively as Luke gave him the rules.
By the way Luke talked, Jason gathered that Luke loved this game.
He probably played it any chance he got.
But as Jason followed the instructions, he didnt think he cared much for the game.
He understood it had to do with strategy, but for some reason, it didnt hold his attention as well as he expected.
Halfway through the game, he turned his gaze to Luke who was studying the board, carefully plotting his next move.
Clearing his throat, Jason asked, I used to enjoy this game, didnt I?
Yes, but you enjoyed it much more if you could win, Luke replied with a mischievous grin.
Should I do a better job of losing?
No.
You should do your best. He shifted in the chair and sighed.
I dont know whats wrong with me.
I dont seem to like many of the things I used to.
I dont care for horses or gambling, and now I discover I dont care if I win or lose this game of chess.
Luke sat back in his seat and chuckled.
Well, in that case, theres no real challenge for me, is there?
Youll lose just to end the game.
Im sorry.
Theres nothing to be sorry about.
Chess doesnt interest every gentleman.
It seems that few things interest me.
What are you interested in?
Jason clasped his hands in front of him and thought over his cousins question.
I enjoyed dancing with Anna at the ball last night, I like listening to her play music on the piano, I have fun watching the balloon launch and walking through Hyde Park
All of these are things you do with Anna?
Yes, I think so.
But I didnt spend much time with her before, did I?
Luke shook his head.
You said a wife was meant to give you an heir.
Other than that, you had other ways to amuse yourself.
That being the case, I cant say losing my memory was a bad thing.
The only thing we had in common before was chess.
As much as I love the game, Id rather spend time with you as you are now than play chess with the person you once were.
We dont have to play chess while were here.
We can drink some brandy and have a conversation.
We can play cards, and we dont have to play for money.
We can even catch up on current events if you wish.
Current events?
Sure.
Napoleons now in exile on Elba.
A lot of gentlemen here are glad to see that the usurper got what he deserved.
Of course, theres also the trouble were having with America.
It seems its always one thing or another.
Plenty to keep you occupied if you wish to learn more.
Did those things interest me before? Jason asked.
As long as you had your entertainment, you didnt care what was going on, Luke replied.
With a chuckle, he said, Youll likely find this amusing, but I think I enjoyed playing on Annas piano.
At the time, I tested it out because it was an excuse to sit close to her, but I wouldnt mind doing it again.
Gentlemen have been known to play pianos.
But it wasnt something I liked before?
No.
You liked music enough, but I cant recall you taking an interest in playing a musical piece.
Jason rubbed his eyes and leaned back in his chair.
I dont understand how I can be so drastically different from before.
If I didnt know any better, Id say I was a completely different person.
Are you happy? Luke asked.
Yes.
Then whats the problem?
Jason laughed and tapped the arms of his chair.
There isnt one, is there?
Not that I can see. Luke stood up and gestured to the other room.
Why dont I introduce you to the other gentlemen here so you can put some names with some faces?
Jason nodded and stood up.
Feeling better, he followed Luke to the other room.
***
When Jason returned to the townhouse, he asked the footman to get the steward.
Tell him to meet me in the library, he added before the footman headed down the hallway.
As he passed the drawing room, he heard the familiar sound of Anna playing on her piano.
He smiled and went to the doorway, careful to remain out of sight.
She never seemed to be able to play an entire piece when she knew he was nearby, so to hear her, he learned to stay hidden.
She was playing a slow but happy tune.
Hed come to learn that she had a tendency to play songs that mirrored her mood at the moment.
So right now, she was in a good mood, though a bit thoughtful.
He sighed.
As much as he was enjoying London, he missed how carefree shed been at their country home.
He had no idea why she worried so much over whether or not hed find a way to fit in with the friends they had here.
Everyone they came across was more than understanding about his loss of memory.
Perhaps in time, she would come to realize that, too, and then she could stop worrying.
He caught sight of the steward who was heading for the library and decided he would see Anna after he talked to the steward.
Once he reached the library, he had the steward shut the door and sit across from him.
Id like to see the ledger again, Jason said and pulled his chair up to his desk.
The steward placed it in front of him.
I trust youll find everything is in order, Your Grace.
Jason nodded but didnt say anything as he opened it.
He ran through the list of expenses.
Good.
I see you and the other servants are getting paid what you should.
Yes, Your Grace, and were thankful for that.
I dont blame you.
Its a wonder you all didnt quit. Jason continued to study the expenses.
Are you budgeting for Lord Masons monthly allotment?
I am, Your Grace.
Should I stop?
With a sigh, he rubbed the back of his neck.
I dont remember why I had to begin his allotment.
Where is it listed?
Theyre under M.A., Your Grace.
M.A.
?
Monthly Allotment.
I didnt know what else to call it.
Finding the initials, Jason scanned the previous months and compared them to what Mason had received for that month.
Thats odd.
Whats odd, Your Grace?
Well, I notice that the amounts differ from month to month up until my fall down the stairs.
Then its been the same every month.
The steward nodded.
You used to vary the amount depending on yourmoodat the time.
Mood? Jason asked, finding that an odd way of putting it.
You used to tell me what to pay your brother, and when you were in a good mood, he received more than if you were in a bad mood.
Forgive me, Your Grace, but I dont know any more than that.
It wasnt my place to question you.
I simply followed your instructions.
Of course. Jason couldnt have expected the steward to do anything more or less than that.
Is the amount he gets now sufficient for his needs?
Its more than enough, but whether your brothers content with it is another matter.
Hes not content with what he receives?
He has come to me about getting more.
I had to tell him no.
Did you give him more than you reported in the past? Jason asked, sensing there was more to the story than the steward wanted to tell him.
He slowly exhaled.
I have, but only in the past.
I havent budged from the allowed expense since you got well.
Jasons gaze returned to the stewards tense expression.
He drummed his fingers on the desk as he debated the best way to proceed with his questions.
Does Lord Mason come by often to ask for more money?
He has a tendency to spend more than he has.
Ill take that as a yes. He shut the ledger.
Isnt there any way he can get an income that doesnt involve my finances?
The easiest way would be if he married into money.
And the other way? Jason asked.
He shifted in his chair and cleared his throat.
I think we both know the answer to that one, Your Grace.
Right.
Mason would have to become the duke.
After a tense moment passed between them, he said, I imagine he was disappointed when I got well. He stood and handed the ledger back to him.
Thank you for being honest with me.
The steward rose to his feet.
Your Grace, far be it from me to advise you on your financial affairs, but if you wanted to stop those monthly allotments, I dont think anyone would fault you for it.
No one but Mason, he thought.
Things were already shaky between him and Mason.
At the moment, it didnt seem wise to press his luck.
I understand the situation with Lord Mason, and Ill be careful where hes concerned.
In the meantime, well let the allotment stand as it is.
It might be that Lady Templeton will marry him and take him to British India.
That would be a relief.
Jason wondered if there was something the steward wasnt telling him but decided theyd discussed enough for one day.
And perhaps with the way servants talked, the less said, the better.
I have nothing else to ask.
You may go now.
The steward bowed and left the room.
Jason sat back down so he could have a few minutes to clear his head.
He didnt wish to see Anna when he was facing some dark thoughts.
Everything added up.
There was no other possibility he could see in the midst of all hed just learned.
Mason had every motive to want him killed.
Losing his money to Lord Edon, becoming dependent on him for his income, and wanting more money than he was allotted.
It all made sense.
So he hadnt been imagining Masons ill will toward him.
Mason might be pleasant to him on the surface, but underneath, he hated him.
But what could he do about it?
If he gave Mason more money, would Mason really be content with that or would he want more?
He suspected Masons desire for money outweighed anything else.
If he didnt marry Lady Templeton, then Jason might be facing a very formidable opponent.
Jason leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes, his fingers lightly brushing the edges of the chairs arms.
Something must happen, and it must happen soon because if Mason tried to make him fall off the horse last time he visited Camden, there was no telling what hed try in the future.
* Chapter Nineteen Chapter Nineteen{{{1 Chapter Nineteen
The next day, Anna couldnt concentrate as her ladys maid finished tying the ribbon in her hair.
Her mind ran over so many things.
The balloon launch, Hyde Park, the theatre, Lady Cadwaladers ball... All of it had been wonderful, a dream come true, really.
Jason hadnt felt the need to slip out of the townhouse to seek entertainment with another lady.
It relieved her to no end that he hadnt accepted Lady Hausens offer to take her as a lover.
The invitation occurred at Lady Cadwaladers ball, and Anna had just returned from talking to Candace when she caught Lady Hausen speaking with Jason in the corner of the room.
She came up behind them as they talked, and even if Lady Hausen wasnt doing anything outright inappropriate, Anna heard her invite him to her townhouse sometime.
Hed declined and left in favor of finding someone else to talk to, and while Anna hadnt told him she overheard the conversation, her respect for him increased significantly.
In many ways, it seemed as if hed fallen right out of heaven when shed needed him the most.
Your Grace?
Blinking, Anna turned her attention back to her ladys maid.
Im sorry.
Im afraid I got distracted.
What did you say?
I only said I was done and that you look lovely this evening.
Anna turned her attention back to her reflection.
You do a wonderful job.
The blue ribbons in my hair complement my dress very well.
Its more than the hair and dress, Your Grace.
You are radiant because youre in love.
Nothing makes a lady more beautiful.
Her face grew warm.
Yes.
His Grace is more than I couldve ever hoped for.
She smiled.
Is there anything else you want me to do?
Anna shook her head.
No, and thank you.
As Anna left her bedchamber, Jason stepped out of his room.
She was ready to call out to him when his valet emerged from the room and handed him a pocket watch.
Would you like to take this? his valet asked.
Yes, I suppose its good to know what time it is, Jason replied.
Especially when youre eager to leave some place, Anna thought, ever in dread of Lady Templetons ball.
She couldnt think of anything that was worse, except if it was Lord Masons dinner party.
Knowing it was too late to feign an illness and cursing herself for not thinking of it sooner, she squared her shoulders back and headed for Jason.
He turned and smiled.
Anna, youre a breathtaking sight tonight.
Thank you, Your Grace, she replied.
I know youre not looking forward to this ball, so I thought Id keep a close eye on the time.
We should agree on a time to leave.
When the first couple guests start leaving, we will, too.
That way well blend in with everyone else.
Hmm He glanced at the pocket watch and shrugged.
Then I suppose I dont need it.
I wouldnt take it.
If you do, youll end up looking at it all night, and when you do that, time passes much slower.
I suppose youre right.
All right.
Ill leave it here.
He handed it back to the valet and turned to her, offering her his arm.
Are you ready?
I suppose so. She accepted his arm and went down the stairs.
Anna?
What?
Mason once asked me how I could have fallen down the stairs and not broken my neck.
I can see how a fall doesnt necessarily mean a broken neck, but I have wondered why I dont have a fear of staircases.
I mean, even now I dont like horses, and Ive spent considerable time with mine.
I dont understand why since I didnt fall off a horse.
Anna debated what to say.
Something probably happened with a horse, but she had no idea what that something was.
Jason, all I know is that I never saw you fall off a horse.
Its possible that it happened.
He patted her hand and smiled.
Its one of those great mysteries.
Whatever the reason, Im alive and here with you now, and thats all that matters.
Relieved he wasnt going to press her about the stairs, she nodded.
Yes, it is all that matters.
Im just glad youre here with me.
They reached the bottom of the steps and he kissed her.
I am, too.
The footman opened the front door, and they went to their carriage.
On the way there, she held Jasons hand and prayed that the night would pass without any problems.
She closed her eyes and wondered if Lord Mason would always be a thorn in her side.
She wanted to have nothing to do with him.
She didnt suppose shed be fortunate enough for him to marry Lady Templeton and shove off to British India with her and her father.
It would take care of everything if he did.
Then she could rest assured that her lie would never be exposed.
So far, no one else seemed to suspect the truth.
They understood that Jason had amnesia and accepted the new changes in him without any questions.
It was just Lord Mason who posed the threat.
And she had no idea how that would be resolved.
When they arrived at the ball, she scanned the large room, hoping one of their friends might be there.
Beside her, Jason touched her arm.
She turned to him.
What is it?
Candace is here.
Her gaze followed his and she relaxed.
Good.
The ball would be more bearable with her friend there.
At the moment, Candace was dancing.
Splendid!
Im glad you could make it, Lady Templeton called out.
The two turned in time to see Lady Templeton and Lord Mason curtsy and bow.
Anna and Jason returned the greeting, and Anna offered the most polite smile she could muster.
Its a wonderful evening for a ball, isnt it? Lady Templeton asked.
Yes, it is, Anna forced out, clasping her hands together.
Out of the corner of her eye, she watched as Candace continued to dance.
It wouldnt have been the same without you, dear brother, Lord Mason told Jason.
In fact, I was wondering if I could have a word with you.
You two ladies dont mind if we scurry off to talk, do you?
Id never dream of coming between you and your brother, Lady Templeton replied.
Dont mind us.
We can take care of ourselves.
Anna hid her grimace.
Just what she wanted to do: spend time with Lady Templeton.
Her hands tightened as she glanced Candaces way.
The dance was done, but she had no way of going over to her friend as long as Lady Templeton wanted to talk to her.
Lady Templeton led Anna to one of the chairs at the side of the room and sat next to her.
You and the Duke of Watkins make a good looking couple.
Thank you. Not knowing what else to say, she added, So do you and Lord Mason.
Yes, well, about that, I wanted to ask you something, and to get the information I want, Im afraid I have to be bold.
Would it bother you if I were to be bold?
Reluctant, Anna shook her head.
Good.
My father fancies Lord Mason for a son-in-law, but with our money, its important we can be assured hed be coming into our family with some assets.
Now, Im asking you as a lady who is interested in taking care of her financial affairs, would it behoove me to accept Lord Masons proposal?
Has he proposed?
Yes, but I told him I needed to think it over.
I know your husband is well off, but is Lord Mason?
To be honest, I dont know his financial situation.
I dont even know my husbands.
But surely, you have some idea?
I assume because he throws extravagant dinner parties and travels that he manages well.
Lady Templeton sighed in disappointment.
You mean to tell me you dont take a peek at things from time to time or talk to the steward, just to make sure youre secure?
No, I dont, but even if I did, it would have no bearing on Lord Mason.
His financial affairs dont affect me.
Perhaps you can talk to your husband.
He might know something.
That might have been true with her first husband, but it wouldnt be true with her second.
And even if her first husband was alive, shed never ask him about the finances.
Lady Templeton, I dont know how things are done from where you live, but in London, a ladys place isnt in her husbands financial affairs.
I understand. Lady Templeton rose to her feet and offered her a strained smile.
Thank you for your time.
Anna nodded, sure that Lady Templeton was glad to get away from her.
As she watched her weave her way through the crowd, Anna wondered if she should ask Jason about the financial affairs of the estate.
She had assumed that the steward had everything under control and that hed talk to Jason if anything was amiss.
But would Jason know what to do if something was wrong?
She knew he wouldnt mind if she asked.
He was nothing like her first husband.
Anna, Im so glad youre here.
Breaking out of her thoughts, Anna looked up and saw Candace.
Relieved, she held her hands out to her friend and clasped them.
I was hoping Lady Templeton and her father would invite you here tonight, Anna said.
Candace sat next to her and squeezed her hands.
Considering how close Mason is to Ian, I think Lady Templeton and her father didnt have much of a choice.
But I wondered if you and Jason would come, especially with how tense things have been between them.
Tense between them?
You mean Jason and Lord Mason?
I dont understand why you call Lord Mason so formally when hes your brother-in-law.
It sickens me to think of him as anything more personal.
But you are now referring to your husband as Jason?
Hes not the same person he was before he lost his memory.
Candace smiled.
Youre happy.
Really, truly happy.
Annas smile widened.
Yes, I am.
Im glad, Anna.
Youve been through so much.
Its a shame we cant give Ian a memory loss.
If hed be anything like Jason, Id love it, and then
Surprised that her friend stopped talking, Anna pressed, Then what, Candace?
Candace blinked back her tears and whispered, Then I wouldnt have to tell him Im no longer expecting a child.
What?
Its been two weeks since I lost the baby.
I was in pain and had no idea what was happening until I saw the blood.
Annas grip tightened on Candaces hands.
Im so sorry.
I dont know how to tell him.
Hell be upset.
You know how much he wants a son.
All titled gentlemen want sons.
Yes, and I hoped this would be it.
I dont know whats worse: losing the baby or knowing hell be back in my bed to try for another one.
Theyre both equally terrible.
Candace wiped her eyes with the edge of her handkerchief.
I dont know how Im going to tell him.
I dont want to tell him at all, but Im supposed to be showing soon and by then, I cant hide the truth.
I dont know what to tell you.
At least you know its nothing you did.
These things happen.
I know, but it doesnt make it any easier.
No, Anna supposed it didnt.
She gave her friend a hug and whispered, If you ever feel like youre not safe, you can stay at my home.
Candace pulled away from her and wiped the tears from her eyes again.
Ians not as bad as Jason was.
He never raises a hand against me.
The worst he does is ignore me unless its time to work on an heir.
As long as youre safe, thats the main thing.
I am.
I just dont know how to tell him.
Give it a few days, think it through, and tell him.
If you need to work out how youre going to tell him, you can tell me how you want to tell him.
Then we can work on the thing that sounds best.
Candace nodded.
Thank you, Anna.
Youre a good friend.
She patted her back and sighed, wishing she could do more to help Candace but knowing there wasnt anything else she could offer her friend.
Together, they sat in silence and watched the others dance.
And as they did, Annas thoughts wandered to Jason and what he and his brother were discussing.
***
You want me to go to the circus? Jason asked.
He stood in the middle of the den, studying the piece of paper Mason had given him with information about the circus.
Its something you should do at least once, Mason replied as he poured some brandy into his glass.
Do you want a drink?
Jason shook his head.
No. The last thing hed ever do was accept a drink from Mason.
With a shrug, Mason returned the decanter to the shelf and sat in a chair.
Its the finest brandy in London.
Lady Templetons father spares no expense.
Dont be shy.
Sit somewhere.
God knows theres enough chairs to choose from.
Jason put the paper on the desk and sat across from him, wondering when he could leave so he could be around other people.
As it was, he and Mason were alone, and it wasnt a scenario he particularly cared for.
Trying to get as comfortable as he could in the leather chair, he asked, Do you feel that I dont give you sufficient funds each month?
Masons eyes widened.
Running his finger along the top of his glass, he said, I didnt think you remembered that little arrangement we made.
I dont.
I had a conversation with the steward.
Ah.
That explains it.
After a long moment of silence passed between them, Jason asked, Are you going to answer my question?
Weve had this discussion often enough over the past two years.
I dont see what good rehashing the whole thing will do.
Considering I dont recall any of those discussions, its worth rehashing.
Mason chuckled and took a sip of his drink.
Why?
Did you think you pay me too little?
Id like to know why Im paying you at all.
Youre a grown gentleman, not a child.
Because youre generous to a fault?
Somehow I doubt thats the reason.
A slight scowl crossed his face before he smiled.
I dont see how its any of your concern since youre not my real brother.
The charade is well done.
You look just like him, and you give a marvelous job of pretending you dont remember anything.
But you dont fool me, Alastair.
Jasons eyebrows furrowed.
Alastair? Hed heard that name before, but he couldnt recall where.
Yes, Alastair.
Thats your name. Mason swallowed the rest of his brandy and leaned forward so he could look Jason in the eye.
You lived in the circus your entire life, traveling from one town to another.
Youre lying.
He threw his head back and laughed.
My real brother is dead, and Im being accused of lying.
It was a very clever ploy.
I dont know how you and Anna did it, but you fooled everyone else.
Bravo for a job well done!
Jason bolted to his feet.
Ive heard enough.
You wont be able to leave the room.
Not to be deterred by the threat, Jason strode over to the door and tried to open it.
Gritting his teeth, he turned toward Mason who was on his way back to the decanter to pour himself another glass of brandy.
I tire of this game.
I insist you unlock this door at once.
Not until we reach an agreement.
What kind of agreement are you talking about?
Thats much better. Mason took another sip of his drink and grinned.
Ill keep your secret if you give me half your money.
What? Jason snapped, unable to believe his brother would not only lie to him about his past but rob him as well.
Im not a fool.
Lady Templeton will never marry me if she finds out I dont have any money.
Her father is far wealthier than many gentlemen at this ball.
Ill live very well off her dowry, but I need to have some money going into the marriage.
You understand my problem? Mason walked over to him, and he stepped back until his back hit the door.
Wouldnt you like to get rid of me?
See me go to British India where I wont bother you or Anna?
Your secret will stay your secret, and I will be very happy.
So everyone wins.
Now, were reasonable gentlemen.
Surely, you can agree to this.
Give us both a happy ending.
Jason shook his head.
It sounds like a bribe to me.
Bribe? Mason scoffed.
I think bribe is much too strong of a word when I should be the duke.
I was second in line, you know.
If it werent for you, Id be living very well right now.
But as it is, you stole my inheritance.
You and that whore you married owe me.
Jason shoved him away, not caring when Mason fell back against the chair and dropped his glass which shattered into several pieces.
He grabbed Mason by his waistcoat and pulled him toward him so that their noses were almost touching.
Annas not a whore, you deplorable excuse for a gentleman.
I dont owe you anything.
You should be grateful I give you anything at all.
It was your stupidity that got you into this mess.
Mason tried to push back at him, but Jason maintained his hold on the waistcoat.
Youre stronger than you look, Mason grunted and struck him as hard as he could across his face.
Its a shame you wont be getting that heir.
Annas as barren as the desert.
Sooner or later, youll die, and Ill get the inheritance.
You sold yourself to a whore for nothing.
Jasons blood came to a boil, and he punched his brother.
The bone in Masons nose cracked, and he fell back into a chair, his hand covering his bloody nose.
To his surprise, Mason was laughing.
You didnt know, did you? Mason asked, laughing harder.
Oh, I dont believe it!
The little shrew tricked you.
You really believe youre Jason Merrill, the Duke of Watkins.
I thought Id been played for a fool, but youre the biggest fool of all.
Jason clenched his hands at his sides, ignoring the pain in his right hand which had struck Mason.
Stop it!
Mason rose to his feet and pulled out a handkerchief so he could wipe his nose.
Ask her.
Go on and ask her about Alastair and the circus.
You want to know why you can swing on a branch?
Its because youre an acrobat.
You did that for a living. He chuckled.
Ask her, Alastair.
I think youll find her answers quite informative. He reached into his pocket and threw the key at Jason, which bounced off his chest and hit the floor.
Go on!
Youll find out the truth, and when you do, well discuss dividing my brothers money in half.
Jason hesitated for a moment but grabbed the key off the floor and headed for the door.
Mason was still laughing, but he was sure Anna would assure him that Mason was lying to him.
He unlocked the door, swung it open, threw the key back at Mason, and hurried down the hallway to the ballroom.
* Chapter Twenty Chapter Twenty{{{1 Chapter Twenty
Anna just finished dancing with a gentleman when she saw Jason enter the ballroom.
His hair was disheveled, and a bruise was forming on his cheek.
She looked behind him, but Lord Mason was nowhere in sight.
Her gaze returned to Jason who was searching the room.
Something in the way he furrowed his eyebrows bothered her.
She headed for him, and as soon as his eyes met hers, she knew something was wrong between them.
When she reached him, she asked, Jason, are you all right?
He glanced behind him then scanned the room before looking at her.
I dont know.
Can we go home?
Unsure of how serious this would be, she nodded.
Sure.
The coach is waiting outside.
Since he waited for her to make the first move, she turned on her heel and went to Lady Templetons father so she could thank him for a lovely evening.
She was aware that Jason followed her, not saying anything and seeming to be preoccupied with something.
She scanned the room again but didnt see Lord Mason anywhere.
Whatever was bothering him had to involve Lord Mason.
Before Lord Mason talked to him, hed been in a good mood.
And now She dared a glance in Jasons direction as they left the ballroom.
He didnt look happy.
Shed gotten so used to him smiling and talking that his somber mood made her uneasy.
She waited until they were in the carriage before she spoke.
Jason, whats wrong?
Staring out the window, he sighed and set his hand on his knee.
I dont know how to even ask.
Lord Mason was lying.
I know he was lying.
He had to be lying.
Theres no way youd lie to me, especially not about something this important.
She didnt like the sound of this.
Shifting in the seat next to him, she cleared her throat.
What did Lord Mason say?
Even as she asked the question, she wanted to take it back.
Itd be much easier to tell him that Lord Mason never told the truth about anything, that whatever it was that was bothering him wasnt true.
She had a sinking feeling that Lord Mason had successfully figured out what she and Appleton did.
Hed been there to visit his brother earlier the day he died.
He knew how ill his brother had been.
Hed been suspicious all along, and something confirmed his suspicions.
She had no idea what that something could be, but it was enough for him to go to Jason and confront him.
She clutched her stomach and closed her eyes to settle the swell of nausea that threatened to make her lose her dinner.
The moment she feared was here.
Or maybe it wasnt.
Maybe she was wrong and Lord Mason had cornered Jason about something else.
Either way, she needed to resolve it.
Clasping her hands in her lap, she asked, What do you want to ask me?
Jason rubbed his eyes.
Not here.
We should talk when were alone.
The coachman cant hear us.
Id still rather be in a place where no one is around.
She released a nervous breath and nodded.
All right.
We can do that. Maybe if she obliged him and did things his way, hed be more receptive to hearing her side of the story.
He wasnt an unreasonable gentleman.
He might understand.
She swallowed the lump in her throat and forced her attention on her gloved hands so she wouldnt cry.
She didnt want to think of what would happen if she lost everything shed gained since her first husband died.
Her stomach rolled again, so she took deep breaths to settle it.
The ride to their townhouse was short, but being in the carriage and fearing what was to come made it seem abnormally long.
By the time the coachman pulled to a stop, she jerked up in the seat and waited for the footman to open the door.
Ignoring Jasons curious stare, she left as soon as the door opened.
She hurried up the steps to the townhouse and entered it, not bothering to wait for the footman to open the door for her.
She knew running into the townhouse made things look worse, but she needed a moment to herself so she could gather her composure.
When she entered the drawing room, she sat on the bench in front of the piano and closed her eyes.
Maybe it had nothing to do with her first husband.
Maybe Lord Mason had talked to him about something else.
It was possible.
Unlikely perhaps, but possible all the same.
Your Grace?
She opened her eyes and looked into Appletons caring eyes.
Her gaze darted to the doorway which was clear.
It wouldnt be for long.
Jason would be coming into the room soon.
She swallowed the lump in her throat and gripped the bench.
I think he knows.
I think Lord Mason told him.
Appletons eyebrows furrowed.
But how could Lord Mason know?
She shook her head and shrugged.
I dont know. She took a deep breath, trying in vain to calm her racing heart.
This was it.
Everything was crashing in around her.
She knew thats what Lord Mason had told him.
Deep down, she just knew it.
They heard Jason approach the drawing room, and Appleton turned to face him.
Your Grace. Appleton bowed.
Is there anything I can get for you?
No, Jason slowly replied.
Id like to be alone with my wife.
Appleton glanced at her, and she gave him a slight nod.
Jason waited until he left before he entered the room and shut the door.
She braced herself for whatever would happen and faced him.
I take it that Appleton knows, Jason softly said.
Unable to make eye contact with him, she asked, What do you want to ask me?
Mason said that Im not really his brother.
He said Im someone named Alastair and that I used to work in the circus.
Is he right?
Her shoulders slumped.
I dont know if your real name is Alastair or if you worked in the circus, but hes right about you not being his brother. There.
She said it.
The horrible truth was out in the open, and now shed have to suffer whatever consequences came from it.
For a long moment, Jason didnt speak.
He didnt even move from his spot near the door.
She couldnt be sure what he was doing, and she didnt dare look at him to find out.
Her gaze remain fixed on the piano keys in front of her, though she remained facing in his direction.
Why did you lie to me? Jason asked.
Tears sprang to her eyes.
She didnt know what was worse: having to explain it or the gentleness in his voice.
I didnt see any reason why you should know.
Appleton searched for anyone who might know you, but no one did.
We didnt know who you were.
We found you on the forest road, beaten and left for dead.
What were you and Appleton doing in the forest?
She sniffed and wiped her eyes.
Burying my husband.
Your real husband.
The one I replaced?
She nodded.
So when he became ill, he died?
Yes, she whispered.
And Lord Mason was going to come here to take his place.
The title would have gone to him, and hes worse than his brother was.
Jason approached her, his steps slow as he crossed the room.
Lowering his voice, he asked, How did you plan to hide your husbands death?
Appleton was going to tell everyone that he went on a trip.
It wouldnt have been uncommon.
Hed traveled in the past.
I thought that when people started getting suspicious, Appleton and I could gather enough money to disappear so that by the time everyone realized he was dead, wed be long gone.
But then you found me?
She nodded again and finally looked at him, afraid of what shed see, but he didnt seem to be condemning her as shed feared.
Instead, there seemed to be a spark of understanding in his eyes.
Encouraged, she continued, You look just like him.
We couldnt believe it.
Our original plan was to ask you if youd pretend you were my husband, but then you didnt remember anything or anyone and She cleared her throat.
It just seemed easier this way.
If you didnt know the truth, then when Lord Mason came around, you wouldnt have to hide anything from him, and youd be innocent of the lie.
And you dont know anything about my past?
Anything at all?
No.
He knelt in front of her and placed his hand on her knee.
I know what life was like for you with your husband, and I know what kind of person Mason is.
I cant fault you for doing what you did.
It took her a moment to understand what he was saying, and when she realized he hadnt condemned her, she felt as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders.
Thank you, Jason. She held his hand.
Thank you.
Anna, I need to find out who I am.
She blinked and tried to make sense of what he was saying.
What?
In the carriage, I remembered a gentleman at Gretna Green who called me Alastair.
That was the same name Mason called me tonight.
That has to be my real name.
I have to find out who I am.
Her hand tightened on his as a flicker of panic came over her.
Why?
Whats wrong with things as they are now?
Someone wanted you dead.
You were beaten so badly you would have died if Appleton hadnt found you.
Thats not what Im concerned about.
I need to find out if I had a wife.
No.
You didnt have a wife.
No one recognized you.
Jason-
No one Appleton asked recognized me, Anna.
And if someone did but they wanted me dead, do you think they would have said they did?
But you dont remember anyone from that life.
Does that mean Im supposed to forget my duty to a wife I might have had before Appleton found me?
And what if there are children?
What kind of gentleman would I be if I didnt do right by them?
And what of your duty to me?
He paused, his gaze going to their hands.
With a sigh, he returned his gaze to her, his expression resolute even as pain filled his eyes.
If I was married, then our marriage is null and void.
You know that.
But I love you.
I dont want you to go.
I love you, too, but I need to find out.
If I find out theres no wife, Ill return.
I dont want to leave you, but I need to.
I wont tell anyone what I learned tonight.
As for Mason, you have another problem altogether.
He released her hand and stood up.
Pacing to the window, he peered out of it and released his breath.
He knows everything, Jason continued.
He knows more than you do.
I dont know how, but he does.
Obviously, hes been investigating things for a while.
Ill talk to the servants, tell them Im going to take a trip.
I wont disclose how long Ill be gone, but Ill explain that they must protect you.
I dont trust Mason, Anna.
He knows more than we do about my past, and he wanted half of your husbands money to keep quiet.
Bolting to her feet, she hurried over to him.
Give him the money, Jason.
Lady Templeton will marry him if he has it, and hell go to British India where he wont be a threat anymore.
It wont be enough. Jason turned from the window and faced her.
Im not so gullible as to believe hell be satisfied with half the money.
Hell want it all.
You said he was eager for your husband to die.
To get the title, but Lady Templeton will come with more money.
And the more hell receive, the more hell want.
I have a sense about him He shook his head.
I cant explain it.
Youll have to promise me that youll be careful.
Make sure you have someone you trust with you at all times.
She wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged him, taking small comfort in the steady rhythm of his heartbeat.
Take me with you.
If you turn out to have a wife, her throat went dry but she managed to choke out, Ill say Im your sister.
Then Ill do what I had planned to originally do.
Ill leave for another country and be out of Lord Masons way.
He wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head.
I cant take you with me.
Its too dangerous.
The people who left me in the forest might find me.
I cant have them coming after you, too.
Then dont go at all!
Stay with me.
He gently pulled her away from him.
I cant.
I have to know who I am.
Youre the Duke of Watkins!
What more is there to know than that? She burst into a fresh wave of tears.
Let the past be in the past.
Whatever is out there can take care of itself.
Youre the duke.
You were in the forest when I needed you.
Youre meant to be with me.
If there is no wife and children, then Ill return to you. He kissed her, and even if she didnt want to admit it, the kiss was much too final.
No matter what happens, I love you.
Ill love you to my dying day.
She closed her eyes and fought to think of somethinganythingthat would make him stay.
But words eluded her, and before she knew it, he quietly strode out of the drawing room.
He closed the door softly behind him, and within the next second, she collapsed on the floor, sobbing uncontrollably until she had no more tears to give.
* Chapter Twenty-One Chapter Twenty-One{{{1 Chapter Twenty-One
Jason could think of only one person who could start answering his questions, and that was the gentleman hed run into the last time he was at Gretna Green.
Don.
If Jason remembered right, Don had referred to himself as the fire eater.
He had no idea what that meant, but it was all he had to go on, and he hoped it would be enough to find him.
Time had passed in agonizing slowness since the night he left London, and the coachman he paid seemed to take longer than his regular one.
He supposed the time dragged on because Anna wasnt with him.
He couldnt help but think of her with every mile that separated them.
Half a month of travel came and went before he reached his destination.
He checked into an inn before he went to the front desk where the innkeeper was checking his books.
May I help you, Your Grace? the innkeeper asked.
Yes.
I was wondering if youre familiar with a gentleman by the name of Don. He chuckled.
Youll think it strange, but he might go by fire eater.
The innkeeper laughed.
Yes, I know the gentleman.
Came here when a circus passed through and never left.
Married one of the ladies who lives here.
Come. The innkeeper led Jason to the window and pointed to a lane not too far from the inn.
Lives down that way.
Hes a blacksmith now.
Jason thanked him and left the inn.
As he walked down the road, he tried not to think of the day when hed been coming through here in search of a priest to marry him and Anna, but no matter what he did, she was always on his mind.
With a regretful sigh for how happy hed been the day they married, he forced his attention to the task at hand.
He found the blacksmiths shop easy enough and entered through the open door.
He recognized Don right away, even though the gentleman had his back to him as he shoed a horse.
Pardon me, Jason called out.
I was wondering if I might have a word with you?
Don glanced over his shoulder.
Your Grace, I didnt think anyone came to Gretna Green after they married.
Jason stepped closer to him.
As I recall, you called me by another name last time I was here.
It was Alastair.
He finished with the horseshoe and gently placed the hoof down.
With a shake of his head, he grinned.
Im sorry about that.
Its just that you look so much like him.
What if That is to say, I have good reason to believe I might be him, this Alastair that you speak of.
Don crossed his arms and scanned him up and down.
Youre the same height and build, and besides that, you got the same face.
But didnt you say youre the Duke of Watkins?
Im not sure.
I was hoping you could answer some questions for me.
Let me get this horse back into the stall.
Then well talk in my home.
Jason nodded his consent and waited as Don led the horse in his direction.
He balked and Don paused, stopping the horse.
Does the horse frighten you? Don asked.
Im trying to get over my fear of horses.
You really might be Alastair.
Alastair fell off a horse during a routine and nearly got trampled to death.
I was? Curious, he followed Don to the stall and waited as he secured the animal in it.
Did this have anything to do with a circus?
As a matter of fact, it did. Don closed the stall door and placed his hands on his hips.
It was a new act.
Do you remember it?
No.
I dont remember anything from my previous life.
My first memory is of my new life.
I woke up badly injured.
I was at an estate being tended to by a lady who said she was my wife.
Except she wasnt?
Not at the time.
I came here to find out who I really am.
A gentleman, Lord Mason, told me my real name was Alastair and that I used to be in a circus.
Youre the only one who seems to know anything about me so I came here.
I remember talking to Lord Mason.
You do?
Yes.
He arrived here the same day I talked to you.
Jason rushed to the entrance of the stable and scanned his surroundings.
He hadnt considered that Lord Mason might be following him, but now he knew Lord Mason had in the past.
I assured him you werent Alastair, but then again, I wouldnt have even if I knew you were but had lost your memory.
Theres something wrong with him.
He turned back to Don.
Yes, there is.
How did he get here?
I saw no carriage with his crest on it.
He was in a carriage without a crest on it.
Jason studied his surroundings one more time.
He didnt see anything that would make him suspect Mason was out there, but that didnt mean he wasnt lurking nearby.
You think he followed you here? Don asked, also examining the village.
Anythings possible. And knowing Masons desire for money, he could very easily be biding his time until he could kill him.
He had no proof that Jason wasnt the real duke, which was his greatest obstacle.
Don patted him on the shoulder.
Come and well have something to eat.
Jason didnt know what it was about Don that made him trust him, but he did.
Without another word, he followed him to his home.
***
Anna sat at her piano and traced the keys.
The days without Jason dragged from one to another, and for every day he didnt return or send her a letter, the possibility she might never see him again grew stronger.
Where could he have gone?
If only she knew what he was doing.
Camden wasnt the same without him.
She wasnt the same without him.
Did she make the right choice in returning here?
Before he left, she made sure he knew she would leave London, but what if he forgot?
She closed her eyes and fought aside her nausea.
Appleton entered the drawing room and closed the door.
Your Grace, I havent heard you play anything ever since His Grace left.
She opened her eyes, a tear falling down her cheek.
With a sigh, she grabbed her handkerchief and wiped her face.
Im not in the mood for music.
He didnt say hed be gone forever, he softly began, and when he left, he wasnt upset with you.
But the longer hes gone, the less likely it is that hell return.
We dont know that.
Unwilling to be comforted by his words, she turned from the piano and sighed.
I realize its a small consolation, but if he doesnt return, youll still have the child.
Bowing her head so he couldnt see more tears fall from her eyes, she knew he was right.
In all the years shed been unable to conceive, it struck her as a bittersweet irony that she should be expecting a child now.
But without knowing where Jason was, she had no way of telling him.
The door opened and the footman said, Lord Mason is here to see you, Your Grace.
Now she knew she was going to be sick!
She was ready to tell the footman to send him away when Appleton spoke up.
Ill send him away, Your Grace, he told her before he left the room.
She gripped the handkerchief in her hands and willed Lord Mason to leave her alone.
Jason had sent word to him that hed be traveling for a while, so he shouldnt be stopping by.
But if she counted right, this was the third time hed been by since Jason left.
The footman quietly stepped out of the room, and she finally looked up.
The room was, mercifully, empty, but she could hear Lord Mason arguing with Appleton.
She couldnt make out what they were saying, but Lord Masons voice rose and Appletons remained calm.
Why couldnt Lord Mason leave her alone?
Why did he continue to hover about?
Was he hoping Jason wouldnt return?
She placed her hand on her stomach and prayed shed have a boy.
If there could be an heir, hed inherit the title.
Even better than that, Jason would return.
He couldnt be married to someone else.
Appleton assured her of that from the search he did.
But what if he didnt ask the right people to find that out?
Footsteps alerted her that Appleton was returning to the drawing room.
She took a deep breath and glanced at him.
Is Lord Mason gone?
Yes, Your Grace.
I told him he mustnt return until he receives an invitation from His Grace.
She nodded, wondering if hed actually stay away.
What does he want?
He says he wishes to make sure youre all right. He paused for a moment and added, I suspect theres more to it than that.
What do you think he wants?
I dont know.
Thats why I think its best if hes no longer welcome here until His Grace returns.
His Grace isnt a fool.
He can handle him.
I agree.
I didnt think so in the beginning, but hes proven me wrong.
Hell return, Your Grace, Appleton said.
In the meantime, I hope youll remember to eat.
I hardly have an appetite, she whispered.
Thats to be expected given your condition, but its still good to eat something.
She smiled.
Youre always there to take care of me.
I dont know what Id do without you.
He returned her smile.
Its a pleasure to be your butler, Your Grace.
Ill ask Cook to prepare some fruit for you.
Thank you.
As he left the room, she turned her attention back to the piano and stroked the keys.
If Jason did return, shed play anything he wanted to hear, and if she made a few mistakes, then shed just keep playing.
She hoped shed get a chance to play for him again.
***
No, I cant do it, the footman whispered.
Mason stood with his horse and studied the manor Alastair stole from him.
This place was his birthright, not Alastairs.
The title belonged to him, and Alastair had the nerve to hold onto Jasons name and title even after he was exposed for the fraud he was.
Looking back at Jasons footman, he said, Your hands are already bloody, Fieldman.
Dont make it worse.
What blood?
The Duke of Watkins died, and that was all because of you.
Fieldman shook his head and glanced around to make sure no one overheard them.
No, he didnt.
The poison didnt have enough time to work, and then Her Grace was tending to him all the time so I couldnt slip the drinks to him.
Mason impatiently waved his hand at him.
No, you fool.
The poison did work.
But the duchess and butler disposed of his body.
Where and how, I dont know, but they did.
And somehow they found someone who looked just like my brother to take his place.
Now that shes with child, hes conveniently gone to France?
Do you have proof that His Grace isnt really His Grace?
Of course not.
Theyve been far too careful, and theyve been using the butler to keep everyone away from the evidence.
Appleton must be removed.
Once he is, I can find out what I need and youll have enough money to live a peaceful and quiet life in the country for the rest of your days.
I cant do it.
Appletons an honorable gentleman, and even if the duke is someone else, hes someone worth working for.
I refuse to poison anyone else.
The footman turned to leave but Mason grabbed his arm.
Ill make you a deal.
Either you take care of Appleton or Ill find a way to take care of you.
His eyes grew wide.
My lord
I mean it, Fieldman.
Either Appleton dies or you do. Without waiting for a response, Mason got on his horse and rode off the property.
* Chapter Twenty-Two Chapter Twenty-Two{{{1 Chapter Twenty-Two
Don opened the door.
Francine, we have a visitor! They walked through the doorway before he shut the door.
You remember what I said about owing you.
Shell be glad to see you.
As soon as a young woman carrying an infant entered the room, she let out a cry of surprise and ran over to hug Jason, making sure she didnt make the baby uncomfortable.
I dont believe it!
Is it really you, Alastair?
Iit appears so, Jason slowly replied.
She pulled away from him and looked at Don.
It appears so?
He lost his memory.
How long ago was it that you woke up at that estate? Don asked him.
October, Jason replied.
What happened in October? Francine asked her husband.
Im not sure, but thats what hes here to find out, Don replied.
I think we should get something to eat and drink.
We can talk in the kitchen.
Francine nodded and handed the baby to Don.
Ill get some soup ready.
Come to the kitchen.
I dont want to miss anything.
The gentlemen followed her to the kitchen, and when Jason sat down, Don held the four-month-old infant to Jason.
Do you want to hold him?
We named him after you.
Though Jason wasnt sure what to do with a baby, he took the boy in his arms and set him on his lap.
You named him Alastair?
We had to. Don smiled and ruffled the boys hair.
If it wasnt for you, Francine and I wouldnt be together today.
Shifting to better face Don, Jason studied him.
What happened?
You helped me escape from the circus.
I told you I used to go by fire eater.
Thats because I could put the end of a flaming torch in my mouth and extinguish it.
I also juggled with fire and taught animals to jump through rings of fire.
Well, Francine happened to be attending one of our shows in Nottingham, and we both saw her.
You also fancied her, but since Francine wanted to be with me, you graciously bowed out.
I bowed out?
So Im not married?
No, and believe me, Im very grateful for that since it allowed me to be with Francine.
Francine smiled at Don, and Jason recalled how Anna had smiled at him in the same way.
Francine and Don had the kind of love he had with Anna, and hed never been more grateful that hed stepped aside so that they could be together.
He suspected it had been a hard thing for him to do, given the similar sweetness Francine and Anna shared, but no one could ever be as wonderful as Anna.
And now he could return home to Anna!
He fought the urge to jump out of his chair and return to Camden.
Before he left London, Anna told him shed be going back there, and he didnt blame her since she took comfort in being in the country.
You did more than let me be with Don, Francine said, directing Jasons attention to her.
You helped him escape.
Jason chuckled.
Escape?
She means it exactly as she said it, Don replied.
The circus leader, Iron Jim, was very possessive of those he managed.
Owned, you mean, she added as she poured tea into their cups.
As she said, owned.
We werent people in our own right.
We were his property.
We were either born and raised in the circus or found as infants.
My parents trained animals, and thats how I came to learn to train animals.
The fire was something new I added to the act.
And something Iron Jim didnt want to lose.
It was the highlight of the show.
So what happened? Jason asked.
How did I help you escape?
We were on our way out of Nottingham when you came up with the clever scheme to hide me in a barrel, Don began.
You had the task of disposing the garbage one night and as you collected it, you brought a barrel into my cage.
In my place, we left some leaves and placed them under my blanket so when Iron Jim came by to check on everyone, he assumed I was asleep.
You put the barrel and other garbage onto the wagon and took me safely away from the circus.
I ran back to Nottingham, and Francine and I came here to get married.
Since I was good with horses, I became a blacksmith.
And weve been happy ever since, Francine replied and placed their cups on the table.
He winked at her and picked up his cup.
That we have. He took a sip and looked at Jason.
It took a lot of courage for you to do that.
Though Jason was honored by their words, he still had other questions.
How did I end up at the circus?
Are my parents there?
No.
You were sold into it when you were two days old.
No one expected you to survive.
You were sickly, but Iron Jim was sure with the right medicine, youd survive.
You were given to a couple who couldnt have children.
The man was an expert horse rider and the woman an expert acrobat.
In time, you became an excellent rider and acrobat.
But I fell off the horse during one routine?
It was a new routine, but yes, you fell off and nearly died.
It happened shortly before you helped me escape.
Jason picked up his cup to drink, but the baby reached for it so he quickly put it back down before any tea spilled out of it.
Do you know who my real parents are?
No.
As far as I know, no one knew, although
Although what? Jason pressed.
Don rubbed his chin in a thoughtful manner.
Its possible Willie-the-juggler might know.
He was Iron Jims right-hand man, so to speak.
Anything Iron Jim wanted done, he did it, including acquiring new circus workers.
If anyone handled your adoption into the circus, it was him.
Hes probably in his early sixties by now, if hes still alive.
I havent had anything to do with the circus since you helped me escape, so I dont know if you can find him or not.
Jason thought over his choices.
He could go back to Anna, assured that he wasnt married to anyone else, or he could see if that twin brother who disappeared from the Camden estate twenty-seven years ago was him.
How else could he explain that he looked exactly like the duke hed replaced?
As tempted as he was to return home, he knew Mason posed enough of a threat to find out if he had the right to the title.
If it turned out he was the missing twin, then Masons argument that he didnt have the right to the title would be null and void.
Maybe then Mason would leave him alone, and if he didntif he continued to give him problems, then Jason would seek out a legal way to handle it.
Jason turned his attention back to Don.
Do you know where I can find Willie?
If hes still alive, hell be with Iron Jims Circus.
Iron Jim does the same route every year, and right now, he should be in London.
Thank you.
Its the least I can do for an old friend. Don patted him on the back and chuckled.
Its been good seeing you again.
So you got married when you passed through here last time?
Yes, and shes a wonderful lady.
Francine placed the food and utensils in front of them.
Eat up.
It doesnt stay hot for long. She took the baby.
Ill put him down for a nap.
Dont mind me.
Ill be back soon.
Don picked up his spoon and grinned.
Its not exactly the kind of dinner youre used to, seeing as how youre a duke and all, but its better than how we used to eat in the circus. He dipped his spoon into the soup and added, Tell me what your life is like now.
As they ate, Jason did as Don asked.
***
Two days later, Anna brought a small forkful of roasted lamb up to her mouth and debated if she had the stomach for it.
She knew keeping something in her stomach at all times helped ease the morning sickness, but it was hard to get the first bite in.
She took a slow, deep breath and put the fork in her mouth.
The cook had done an excellent job of flavoring it so that she had an easier time of swallowing it.
For some strange reason, certain types of foods were easier to eat than others.
She waited for a long moment before her stomach settled.
Relieved, she poked another piece of the lamb with her fork and glanced at the seat where Jason used to sit.
She recalled how much he wanted her to eat dinner with him in his bedchamber when he was still too injured to walk down the stairs.
Shed give anything to eat with him in his bedchamber again.
Blinking back her tears, she took a deep breath and focused on the baby.
She had a new purpose, something to live for.
A part of Jason would remain with her, in case he didnt return.
From behind her, a loud thump hit the floor followed by a flurry of activity from the servants who stood nearby.
Surprised, she turned in her chair and gasped when she realized Appleton had collapsed.
Bolting out of her chair, she ran over to him.
What happened? she asked, shoving past the footman and maid who were kneeling by him.
Please, Your Grace, dont come close, the footman warned her, holding his hand up to stop her from touching Appleton.
I dont think hes feeling well.
Whats wrong with him? she demanded, not liking how pale he was.
I dont know.
Move aside, please.
She and the others who were hovering over Appleton backed up, and the footman lifted him in his arms.
Appleton groaned, and she moved toward him.
Appleton, whats wrong?
The footman headed for the door.
Your Grace, I insist you not come near him.
He is not well, and you have yourself and the child to think about.
Ill take him to his room and let you know how hes doing.
Send for a doctor, she told him, following him as he left the dining room.
Yes, I will, right after I make sure hes comfortable, the footman called over his shoulder and hurried down the hallway.
She slowed her steps until they came to a stop.
Everything happened so fast.
Just that morning, Appleton seemed to be all right.
He had reported feeling a little strange around noon but assured her it was nothing to worry about and now And now hed collapsed while she ate dinner.
Her heart constricted and she pressed her hand over her stomach.
What was going to happen to him?
Was this a simple illness or was it something serious?
A maid came over to her.
Your Grace?
Anna stared at the hallway as the footman turned down another hallway, disappearing from sight.
She wanted to continue going after him, but she knew there was nothing she could do for Appleton.
The doctor needed to take a look at him and tell her what to do.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
She probably lost Jason.
Was she going to lose Appleton, too?
Grabbing her handkerchief, she wiped her eyes.
It was amazing she had any more tears remaining considering all shed been doing was crying ever since Jason left.
Was this her punishment for hiding her first husbands death?
Your Grace?
Reluctant, she turned her attention to the maid who offered her a sympathetic smile.
She knew the maid meant well, but the maid had no idea what was really happening.
Except for Appleton, the servants had no idea Jason wasnt the real duke and that he might not return.
She sighed and turned back to the dining room.
She needed to think of the baby.
When the doctor came, shed talk to him, but for now, she needed to eat the little she could manage.
***
It was close to midnight when the doctor finally arrived.
Anna paced the drawing room, unable to sleep until she knew Appleton would be all right.
It has to be punishment, she whispered and swallowed the lump in her throat.
There was no other way to explain it.
She heard a set of footsteps come down the hallway and steadied herself so she could focus on what the doctor would tell her.
Whatever he recommended, shed do it.
Doctor Unger entered the room and placed his leather bag on the table.
Your Graceplease have a seat.
She froze in place, her heart racing with dread.
Is it that bad?
Your Grace? He motioned to the settee.
She closed her eyes for a moment and gathered her strength before she walked over to it.
It was bad news.
Horrible news.
It was the same tone hed used when her first husband took ill. Back then, she hadnt cared, but now She opened her eyes, gulped and sat down.
Im being punished, she thought.
Appleton, her dear friend, was being taken from her in the same way her first husband had been.
Dr. Unger sat in the chair across from her.
Hes sick to his stomach and is having trouble holding solids down.
Hes also developing a fever.
This is the same illness that your husband had.
But theres hope.
Your husband survived, so theres a good chance your butler will, too.
Ill leave the same medicine for you.
He had no idea how wrong he was, and knowing it was the same illness that afflicted her first husbandthe same illness that sealed his fatecaused tears to fill her eyes.
He handed her a clean handkerchief and waited as she sobbed into it.
Her dear friend was doomed.
Theres hope, Your Grace.
You must take courage from the fact that your husband survived.
She couldnt respond.
All she could do was cry harder.
Despite his optimism, she knew better.
And that was the bitterness of the whole thing.
She couldnt tell him why he was wrong.
She couldnt tell him this was her punishment for lying about her first husbands death.
For the first time since Appleton saved her from the gazebo the night she tried to end her life, she was alone.
Even with a house full of servants, she was utterly and completely alone.
* Chapter Twenty-Three Chapter Twenty-Three{{{1 Chapter Twenty-Three
After dinner that evening, Anna slipped into Appletons room.
Despite the footmans protests that she needed to stay away from Appleton in case she caught his illness, she knew better.
Shed never caught it from her first husband, and she wouldnt catch it from Appleton.
Though the maid had cleaned the bowl hed vomited in, she caught the foul smell in the air.
But the smell mattered little to her compared to the sad state he was in.
She shut the door softly behind her and approached his bed.
After all hed done for herall hed saved her from He didnt deserve this.
He opened his eyes and turned his head in her direction.
Forcing a smile, he said, I was hoping youd come.
She grabbed a chair and pulled it up to his bed.
Grabbing his hand, she pressed her forehead to it and cried.
Appleton
With his other hand, he patted her hair.
Your Grace, Ive lived a full and happy life.
Im grateful youve been the duchess of this estate and that you found love with His Grace.
Hell return.
Theres no doubt in my mind about that.
And when he does, hell comfort you.
No!
Dont talk like that.
You cant leave me.
You must hold on.
There has to be a way we can get you better.
There must be some medicine we havent tried.
I have no regrets.
She lifted her head.
Stop talking like that!
He sighed and looked at her with his caring eyes.
It might not be my time, but if it is, I need you to know Im all right with the way things ended.
She shook her head and bolted to her feet.
I cant believe youve given up.
You need to fight this thing.
You have to try.
I am trying, Your Grace.
I just want you to know I only wish the best for you.
Wiping her eyes, she turned her back to him.
Would she ever stop crying?
It seemed all she could do was cry.
Surely, at some point shed have no more tears.
Her gaze fell to the empty pitcher by his bed.
Taking a deep breath, she picked it up.
Do you think you can drink anything?
I might.
Sometimes I can keep liquids down.
Ill bring more water.
She headed out of the room and placed the pitcher on the kitchen table.
Since the kitchen was vacant for the moment, she retrieved a fresh pitcher and filled it with water.
When she returned to Appletons room, she reached for the glass on the bedside table but knocked it over by accident.
It shattered on the floor.
With a sigh, she left the pitcher on the table and cleaned up the broken glass.
Afterwards, she returned to the kitchen and asked the maid for a glass before she returned to Appletons room.
Fortunately, she was able to pour him a glass of water this time.
After she helped him sit up, she gave him the glass.
If you sip it, it might stay down.
He nodded and did as she instructed.
He took a few sips and pushed the glass away.
Im done.
She set the glass back on the table and helped him settle back into bed.
Ill stay with you tonight.
Your Grace, theres no need for that.
You need your rest.
I can rest as easily here as I can in my bedchamber.
But you need sleep.
No. She shook her head.
I havent slept well since Jason left, and I cant sleep at all now that youre ill.
You have a child on the way, Your Grace.
With a sigh, she pulled the covers up to his neck.
I know, Appleton.
I havent forgotten.
I cant will myself to sleep, but I feel better when I can be here with you to see how youre doing.
Do you want me to close the curtains?
Yes, but I also want you to rest.
The footman and maid have been coming in to help me.
Then I wont do much more than keep you company, much like you kept me company when I had given up on everything.
She didnt want to say any more about the night she tried to kill herself, and she didnt have to.
He understood.
She saw it in his eyes.
You dont want to give up on life, do you? he softly asked.
No.
I deserve what Im going through.
I shouldnt have hid my first husbands death, she whispered.
You mustnt feel that way.
You did the only thing you could do.
It was the best decision you could have made.
We both know what Lord Mason would have done to you and to this estate if hed taken over.
She inwardly shivered.
I dont trust him.
Even now, I cant help but think hes up to something, and if I knew what that something was, I might scream. Turning from him, she went to the curtains and pulled them closed, casting the room into darkness, save for a single candle that was lit on his bedside table.
She returned to him and sat by his bed.
Is there anything you need?
No.
I expect it to be a long night.
Probably.
She wouldnt expect it to be an easy one.
Her gaze went to the cleaned bowl within his reach.
It was a stark reminder of how ill he was, and it filled her with dread that he might need it.
But there was nothing she could do except stay with him and help him, which was exactly what shed do.
***
Your Grace?
Your Grace?
Anna slowly came out of sleep, barely aware that someone was gently shaking her shoulder.
She lifted her head, wondering when shed drifted off.
She recalled the clock chiming midnight and watching Appleton as he slept after he finally managed to drink a full glass of water.
She straightened in the chair and faced the laundry maid.
What time is it? she asked, rubbing the kink out of her neck.
Its seven in the morning.
She studied Appleton who remained asleep and leaned forward.
She couldnt be sure, but he seemed to have gotten some of his color back.
Open the curtains.
The maid hurried to do her bidding.
Anna didnt recall Appleton vomiting at any point in the night, but to be sure, she checked the bowl and saw it was still empty.
When she turned her gaze back to his face, she was assured that the color had, indeed, returned to his cheeks.
Are there any soiled sheets or clothes for me to clean, Your Grace? the maid asked her.
No.
Everythings clean.
Appleton shifted in the bed, and the maid came up beside Anna to study him.
He looks better this morning, the maid commented and touched his forehead.
His fever is gone.
Encouraged, Anna waited until Appleton opened his eyes to ask, How are you feeling?
He swallowed and sat up.
She hurried to help him, but he stopped her.
I can do it.
I feel better.
In fact, I think Im hungry.
Annas heart leapt with excitement.
Her first husband never had an appetite when he was sick.
You are?
He nodded, and the maid headed for the door.
Ill ask Cook to make some soup.
Once she left, Anna took another good look at him.
Do you really feel well enough to eat?
Yes, but not much.
That didnt happen with my first husband, she whispered.
Im aware of that. He smiled.
It looks like your luck is changing.
Perhaps His Grace will arrive today.
She wished that were the case, but for the moment, her concern was for Appletons improved health.
Is there anything I can do?
I wouldnt mind another glass of water, and after that, Id like for you to get some rest and eat.
Yes, Ill do that. She reached for the pitcher by his bed and poured him a glass of water.
Ill fill this up and bring more water.
You might as well have the footman or maid do it.
I dont mind doing it, Appleton, and to be honest, Im so relieved youre better that I suddenly have a lot of energy.
I need to do something with it.
He sighed.
I really hope youll get some rest.
I will.
I promise. She held the glass to him, and he took it before she left the room to get him more water.
***
After Anna got some rest, she ate a full meal and went to Appletons room.
She knocked on the door as she entered it, and he looked over at her and smiled.
I hear you were able to keep the soup down, she said as she sat beside him.
I did.
Im about to have more.
The tension left her muscles and she returned his smile.
Thats wonderful to hear.
The footman came to the door with a pitcher of water.
Your Grace, he slowly stated and glanced at the pitcher on the bedside table.
I didnt realize youd be in here.
I see Appleton already has enough water.
Yes, I do.
Thank you for thinking of me, Fieldman, Appleton replied.
Theres nothing to thank me for, Fieldman softly stated.
Clearing his throat, he added, Ill send more when you need it. He turned to Anna.
In the meantime, Lord Mason is here to see you, Your Grace.
Her good mood took a nosedive.
Is he?
Perhaps I ought to get out of this bed and walk around a bit, Appleton said.
No, she quickly replied.
You need your rest.
I dont want you to have a relapse.
Fieldman, send some tea to the drawing room.
The footman nodded.
Of course, Your Grace.
After Fieldman left with his pitcher, she patted Appletons hand.
Ill keep him in the room with me, so I wont have to be alone with Lord Mason.
I hope to be back shortly.
Tread carefully, Your Grace.
I will, she assured him before she stood up and strode out of the room.
As she entered the drawing room, Lord Mason rose from a chair and bowed.
Your Grace.
She gave the obligatory curtsy.
What brings you here today, Lord Mason?
I came to see if my brother has returned yet.
No, he hasnt.
That must be some trip to France.
She shrugged and averted her gaze from his, glad that the footman didnt take long in bringing them their tea.
Thank you, Fieldman, she told him as she motioned for him to pour tea into the cups and sat down.
Have a seat.
Lord Mason glanced at the footman before he sat across from her.
I notice youve been coming by a lot lately, she told him as she accepted the cup from Fieldman.
Lord Mason took the cup Fieldman offered him.
Yes.
That butler of yours was a formidable wall with the way he prevented me from talking to you.
He meant no disrespect.
I havent felt up to receiving visitors in my condition.
He did inform you that Im expecting a child, didnt he?
Yes, he did.
I suppose congratulations are in order.
I think its strange my brother would leave you alone as soon as you told him the news.
After all the time its taken you to conceive, youd think he would be telling everyone the good news.
She forced a sip of tea, sure her sudden wave of nausea had more to do with Lord Mason than with her pregnancy.
He left before he knew.
Oh, then hell want to return as soon as he receives your letter.
She took another sip and nodded.
She had no way of telling Jason, but Lord Mason didnt have to know that.
Noticing that he didnt drink from his cup, she asked, Is the tea not to your liking?
He glanced at the cup before turning his gaze to the footman.
She sensed the two sent a silent message between each other but had no idea what that message was.
The exchange caused her a flicker of unease.
Then she recalled returning from Gretna Green with Jason and seeing the two arguing.
Whatever the issue was at the moment, Lord Mason seemed content and drank from his cup.
She lowered her gaze to the tea in her cup.
Lord Masons tea came from the same pot as hers did.
Did Lord Mason think something was wrong with it?
Losing her appetite for the tea, she placed her cup down.
When Lord Masons eyebrows rose, she said, Ive been having difficulty drinking and eating because of the child.
Of course.
She shifted in the chair, not sure what to make of the knowing tone in his voice and what she thought was a smirk on his lips.
What matter do you wish to discuss?
He glanced at the footman again.
Id rather discuss the matter in private.
The hair on the back of her neck rose on end at the thought of being alone with him.
Im afraid I cant oblige you on that.
With my stomach being as uneasy as it is, Id like him nearby in case I need something to eat.
Cant we discuss the matter with him here?
Though he didnt seemed pleased, he said, Yes, we can.
I suppose Im not used to having the help nearby whenever I have conversations in my home.
She shrugged.
What could she say to that?
Not everyone had an unsavory relative who insisted on stopping by all the time.
I thought you might like to attend a dinner party Im having.
She waited for him to continue, but he took another drink from his cup and waited for her to respond.
Why should an invitation to a dinner party require them to talk in private?
Dismissing the silent question, she shook her head.
Im sorry.
As much as I would love to accept, my nausea comes and goes at unpredictable times.
Im afraid I wouldnt be a good visitor.
I hadnt considered that.
Is there anything else?
No.
Ill be on my way. He set the cup down and stood up.
With a bow, he added, I hope you receive word from my brother soon.
Id like to congratulate him in person on accomplishing what was once thought to be the impossible.
Without another word, he followed the footman out of the room.
She released her breath and sat back in the chair.
She didnt believe him.
He had come by for something else, and if Fieldman hadnt been in the room, she would have found out what it was.
But there was no way she was going to risk being alone with him.
She stood up, and out of curiosity, she crept out of the room.
She headed down the hallway that led to the front entrance.
Just beyond the door, she spied Lord Mason and the footman talking in low tones, far enough from the door so she couldnt make out what they were saying.
Lord Mason looked agitated, and the footman looked apprehensive.
Her eyebrows furrowed.
What could possibly be going on between them?
Your Grace?
She jumped and whirled around.
Pressing her hand to her heart, she laughed when she realized it was one of the maids.
I didnt mean to startle you, Your Grace, she replied with a smile.
You were so quiet.
I didnt hear you. Relaxing, she continued, What is it?
Appleton wanted you to know he ate some oatmeal and was able to keep it down.
He thought you might find the good news encouraging.
Yes, I do.
Thank you.
Deciding to leave the matter between Lord Mason and the footman alone, at least for the moment, she hurried to Appletons room so she could see how much better he was doing.
* Chapter Twenty-Four Chapter Twenty-Four{{{1 Chapter Twenty-Four
Anna slept well that night.
Even if she missed the warmth of Jasons arms, she took comfort in knowing Appleton was on the mend.
The doctor was encouraged as well and figured he got the right medicine to speed his recovery.
He said it was the last medicine hed tried with her first husband before he recovered.
Though she accepted the possibility that getting the medicine immediately after getting sick worked, she wondered if there was more to it than that.
What did cause Appletons illness and why was it so much like what her husband went through before he died?
When she woke up, her first thought was to check on Appleton to make sure he was still feeling better.
She didnt even bother eating breakfast.
With any luck, he felt well enough to get out of bed today.
But as soon as she saw the maid carrying a bowl full of vomit out of his room, her countenance fell.
Is Appleton, she gulped, worse?
The maid stopped and gave her a solemn nod.
Im sorry, Your Grace.
I dont know what happened.
Fieldman was so attentive to him through the evening and last night.
As the maid passed her to go down the hallway, Anna clenched her hands together and held her breath.
Fieldman tended to him and he was worse?
She recalled the times shed seen Lord Mason talking to him.
Fieldman had also tended to her first husband during his illness.
Her mouth set in a grim line, she entered Appletons room and saw that he was weak in his bed, his face pale and a grimace on his face.
He opened his eyes and turned his head in her direction.
She tried to smile, but it wouldnt come.
There was no way this could be a coincidence.
When shed given him water and oversaw his meals, he got better.
Fieldman oversaw these things and he got worse?
Is it true that Fieldman gave you food and water when you got sick the first time and then this time? she asked, hoping he didnt detect the bitter edge in her voice.
He thought for a moment and nodded.
Besides the two maids whove been cleaning up after me, Fieldmans been the only one here.
Well, besides you.
Just as she suspected.
You are to only eat and drink food and water I bring to you, she said.
His eyebrows furrowed.
Your Grace?
I dont have time to explain.
I need to talk to Fieldman.
Without waiting for his reply, she stormed out of the room.
She hurried down the hall and searched for the footman.
With each step she took, she grew angrier and angrier.
How could the footman do this to her and Appleton?
He was hired shortly after she married her first husband, and in that time, she had no reason to distrust him.
She didnt know what hook Lord Mason used to make him do his dirty work, but she had no doubt Lord Mason was behind it.
She found Fieldman leaving the kitchen with another pitcher to give to Appleton.
This only served to shoot another spark of rage through her.
He could knowingly poison someone after seeing the misery he was putting him through?
Taking a deep breath, she stopped in front of him and made eye contact with him.
You are relieved of duty.
I demand you give me the pitcher at once, pack your things, and leave.
And dont think about coming back.
If you so much as set foot on my husbands property, Ill have you shot.
Is that understood?
His jaw dropped and his face turned white.
Your Grace?
Did you have trouble understanding my instructions?
A long moment passed between them until he broke eye contact and handed her the pitcher.
No, Your Grace.
Ill leave at once.
Good.
She gripped the pitcher in her hand and remained still as he headed for his room.
She examined the water in it.
It looked harmless.
No one would suspect something so common could be used for foul play.
She had the sudden urge to go over to Lord Masons estate and make him drink the contents of the pitcher, see what he thought about being so sick that all he could do was lie in bed and vomit.
But what good would it do?
Whatever he wanted, hed find another way to get it.
And that was the crux of the whole matter.
What was it Lord Mason wanted?
Was it her first husbands title?
But how did that involve Appleton?
Did Fieldman know?
But why would Lord Mason confide in him?
He was a footman, not a confidant.
No.
Lord Mason might bribe him or threaten him, but he wouldnt divulge the reason why he wanted her first husband and Appleton dead.
It couldnt be her.
Lord Mason wanted to be with Lady Templeton.
Realizing she wasnt going to figure it outand might not ever figure it out, she took the pitcher outside and smashed it on the ground, watching as it shattered into twenty pieces.
If only she could be rid of Lord Mason as easily as she was rid of that pitcher.
She returned to the house and went to the footmans room.
Even if he didnt know everything, perhaps hed know something she might be able to piece together.
But when she reached his room, all her hopes disintegrated.
The footman had hung himself.
***
When Jason arrived in London, he thought it looked different from the last time he was herewhen he was with Anna.
It seemed more impersonal, distant, cold.
But then everything seemed that way without her.
Shed given him a place to belong, a place he could call home in the world.
And hed never been so aware of it until he left her to find out the truth about his past.
Soon enough, hed return to her, and when he did, hed never leave her again.
But before he could go home and spend the rest of his life with her, he needed to go to the circus and find out if Willie-the-juggler was still there.
He prayed Willie was there.
By the time he made it to the circus, it had already begun.
He paid for his ticket and found a seat in the crowded amphitheater.
As he watched the acrobats swing on the ropes high above the crowd, he waited for somethingsome sparkto assure him that hed once been an acrobat, but he felt no hidden memory trying to come to the surface.
He sighed in disappointment.
It really was as if the past had never happened, except for his fear of horses, but he had no memory of falling off a horse.
Two horses came into the ring, and two acrobats swung down the lower bars and jumped onto the horses.
Jason crossed his arms and studied the acrobats as they stood up on the horses and performed their routines.
Did he really do all of that at one time?
It seemed as if it should have been someone else who did all of those things, but as he watched one of the acrobats grab a low bar and swing up it then swing onto a higher bar, he realized hed done the same maneuver that day when he and Mason rode their horses.
So he had done this routine before.
Another acrobat descended onto the horse and took over.
The whole process was done with ease.
He couldnt help but be inspired by it as he watched the performers continue their act.
The six acrobats had different roles during the routine, but they made the whole thing look like one fluid movement.
The fact that there were enough acrobats for the act told him that his role had been expendable, and maybe that meant he had been easy to replace.
Maybe that was why no one bothered to look for him when he was dragged out to the forest and left for dead.
As the act came to an end, he forced aside any thoughts of how depressing it was to know how quickly he could be replaced.
His life here hadnt mattered.
The realization only added to the impersonal feeling he got from being in London.
The only place he seemed to matter was with Anna, and maybe that was why he was ultimately led here, to realize that his place was with her.
Even if he didnt turn out to be the long-lost twin of Jason Merrill, he was meant to take the title.
Hed never given thought to whether or not he believed in coincidences, but perhaps it was time to admit there was a purpose for everything.
He turned his attention back to the circus ring where the acrobats left and Iron Jim returned to the center to announce the next act.
His ears perked up at the mention of Willies name.
Though he had gray hair, Willie maintained a bounce in his step as he came to the center.
Following him were clowns who made a show of clumsily setting up a table for him and bringing an assortment of balls and fruits to place on the table.
According to Iron Jim, Willie was the best juggler in the entire world.
While that might have been an exaggeration to impress the audience, Jason had to admit Willie was skilled at his job.
When he was done juggling the items on the table, Iron Jim boasted that Willie could juggle anything and asked the audience what theyd like to see him juggle.
One gentleman suggested knives.
Jason didnt think Iron Jim would allow it since it seemed unnecessarily dangerous, but Iron Jim seemed more than happy to prove that Willie could do it.
Ah, a very wise choice.
What is your name, sir? Iron Jim asked.
Mister Robinson, the gentleman called out.
Very good, Mister Robinson. Iron Jim turned to one of the clowns.
Bring out the knives!
The audience grew silent and watched as a clown brought the knives out.
And just so no one thinks the knives are fake, Ill cut my very own hat, Iron Jim said and proceeded to do as promised.
A drum roll accompanied Willie as he lifted the four knives and juggled them.
The impressed gasps didnt go unnoticed by Jason who couldnt take his eyes off of Willie, just as hypnotized by him as the others were.
When Willie was done, the crowd cheered, and Iron Jim held up his hand to silence everyone.
Maybe someone can come up with something a little more challenging.
Knives, after all, are too easy, arent they, Willie?
They are, but I love how well they cut fruit, Willie replied.
Willie then picked up two knives and two apples, and while juggling, he cut one apple and ate slices of it, not missing a beat the entire time.
When he was done eating both apples, he set the knives down and bowed for the cheering crowd.
But thats too simple.
You need something harder than that, Iron Jim said with a hearty laugh.
Now, who can come up with something harder?
Fire!
Iron Jim clapped his hands together and rubbed them.
Ah, a gentleman who lives a little more dangerously.
What is your name, sir?
Lord Edon.
Bring out the fire, Iron Jim called out to the clowns.
I bet Lord Edon doesnt believe Willie can do it, but we dont call Willie the juggler who can juggle anything for no reason.
We assure you, my lord, that we dont make the boast in vain.
The clowns lit three torches and brought them to Willie.
Willie took the torches one by one and tossed them in the air, quickly establishing a rhythm.
Are you challenged yet? Iron Jim asked him.
Willie shook his head.
Its too simple!
The crowd laughed and cheered while Iron Jim called for another torch.
Soon Willie had added another before he juggled other items.
After Willie was done, Jason decided he should talk to him, even though the circus wasnt over.
He suspected the best time to get a word in private with Willie was when Iron Jim had the audience to think about.
He quickly got up and maneuvered through the people until he reached the ground.
He followed Willie until he caught up with him.
Excuse me?
Sir, may I have a word with you?
Willie turned around, his face turning white before he exhaled and laughed.
Forgive me.
For a moment, I thought I saw a ghost.
What is your title so I may address you correctly?
You might remember me.
Does the name Alastair sound familiar?
But your clothesyour hair He shook his head.
You cant be him.
So you did know someone by that name?
Willie glanced around them and grabbed his arm.
Jason was ready to protest since his grip was painful, but Willie pushed him into a room and shut the door.
Since it was dark, Jason couldnt make out his surroundings, but Willie started whispering, taking his mind off the darkness.
If this is your idea of a joke, its not a good one.
Jason frowned.
Im not joking.
I dont remember anything about my past, but I found someone who told me enough to believe you might know an important piece of it.
Don the fire eater?
No, he lied, in a hurry to protect him.
Of course it was him.
Theres no one else it could have been, but that doesnt matter to me.
You must never come back here, and you must never mention Don.
Do you understand?
Yes, but I need you to answer something very important for me.
Youre the only person who knows, which is why I came here.
Willie took a deep breath and released it.
If you try to go to someone with my answer, Ill deny ever talking to you.
Understood?
Yes.
I wont mention you.
Good.
It was hard enough to leave you for dead in that forest.
Not expecting this, Jason pressed, You left me for dead?
Were you also responsible for my injuries?
Any you sustained from being dropped off the horse as I rode through the forest to get rid of you, yes, but Iron Jim was the one who did the beating.
You let Don get away.
It cut into his profits, and if theres one thing Iron Jim doesnt like, its losing money.
We still havent found a suitable replacement for Don.
Now do you understand why being here is dangerous if you insist on calling yourself Alastair?
Yes, but is that who I am?
Were my parents in the circus?
He paused.
Is that why you came here?
To ask about your real parents?
Yes.
And after I answer you, youll leave here to never return to this circus?
Yes.
I promise.
Very well.
The gentleman who brought you here was a duke.
The Duke of Watkins.
He had a cloak on to protect his identity.
He didnt know I recognized him, but he was in the audience with his wife a month before and wanted me to juggle rats.
I take it you saw my performance out there?
Yes.
Iron Jim always asks the names of anyone who makes a suggestion for my juggling routine.
Its one of the ways he engages the audience. He loosened his grip, much to Jasons relief.
The duke brought you here because you were a sickly child and the firstborn of twins.
He and his wife didnt want a sickly child to end up with the title, so he brought you to me.
I worked out the arrangements, but Iron Jim purchased you.
Does that answer your question?
Youre sure it was me?
My mind is as sharp today as it was back then.
I never forget a name or a face.
Jason nodded, unsure of whether he was relieved or disappointed.
He had the birthright to the title, but it was hard knowing his parents hadnt wanted him.
Up to this point, itd been a suspicion.
Now he knew the truth.
Swallowing the lump in his throat, he focused on Willie.
This conversation never happened, Jason said.
Good.
You do understand.
Willie opened the door and peaked out of it, but before Jason had time to check out the room they were in, Willie whispered, Stick to the group of gentlemen heading for the exit.
Willie shoved him out the door and shut it behind him.
Jason glanced back at the door, figuring whatever was in that room wasnt his concern and hurried to catch up to the gentlemen.
He slipped beside them without notice and left the circus.
Itd been a bittersweet experience.
On one hand, hed been granted the answer he most needed, but on the other, hed learned how expendable he was.
His parents hadnt wanted him so they sold him to Iron Jim, and Iron Jim was so furious with him for helping Don escape that he beat him and ordered Willie to take him to a remote forest to dispose of his body.
Both times, he knew no one thought hed survive.
Despite the bitter truth of what his life had been, he had the consolation in knowing Anna loved him.
She was waiting for him to return, and now that he had the answer he needed, he could.
Eager to see her, he quickened his pace.
In two days, hed be home at Camden with Anna, which was exactly where he belonged.
* Chapter Twenty-Five Chapter Twenty-Five{{{1 Chapter Twenty-Five
Two nights later, Anna was asleep when she heard someone moving around in Jasons bedchamber.
Through the fog of sleep, she stirred, reluctant to leave the dream she had of holding her baby.
In the dream, Jason entered the room and sat beside her on the settee, tapping his foot on the floor.
It took her a moment to realize someone was walking around in Jasons bedchamber, and as she woke up, she bolted up in her bed in excitement.
Jason was back!
He returned!
She climbed out of bed and slipped on her robe.
She quickly ran the brush through her hair and went to the door connecting their rooms.
She flung the door open and hurried into the room when she realized something was wrong.
She halted and glanced around the dark room, lit only by the moonlight filtering through one of the windows.
She tried to remember if all of the curtains had been closed or not.
If she remembered right, they hadnt been open since Jason left.
Someone was in here that shouldnt be, and she knew better than to investigate on her own.
She quickly made her way back to her room and softly closed the door.
She locked it and went to the cord to alert Appleton that she needed him.
A tense moment of silence passed before she heard the sound of someone breathing from the corner of her room.
She retrieved a candlestick from her vanity table and turned toward the door that led to the hallway.
She swallowed the lump in her throat.
The shadowy figure dragged a chair to the door and placed the back of it under the doorknob so no one could enter her room.
She glanced at the door connecting her bedchamber with Jasons.
The intruder made a step toward her, and she inched to the door.
If he slipped into her bedchamber while she was in Jasons room, that meant Jasons room was the safest place for her to be.
She bit her lower lip and studied the shadowy figure.
Was he closer than before?
She tightened her grip on the candlestick.
If she was going to make her move, shed have to do it before he lunged for her.
She bolted for the door, but he was quicker.
He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and drew her to his side.
She tried to hit him with the candlestick, but he grabbed it from her and threw it aside.
Then he pressed his hand over her mouth.
Everything happened so fast she didnt even have the chance to scream for help.
You shouldnt have gone into that bedchamber, Anna, Lord Mason quietly spoke in her ear.
But since you decided to get involved, maybe you can help me.
Keeping his hold on her, he forced her into Jasons bedchamber and opened another set of curtains, making the room brighter.
She struggled against him, but it was no use.
He was much too strong for her.
Its no use trying to get away, Anna.
If you cooperate, Ill let you and that bastard youre carrying live.
You ought to know by now that I never intended to kill you.
I just want the money.
Where does Jason keep it?
She shook her head.
Oh, excuse me. He removed his hand from her mouth.
Where is it?
I dont know.
Liar! he hissed.
But I really dont know.
My husband never told me where he kept the money, and I wasnt allowed in this room.
Maybe thats true for my brother, but its not true for that imposter you brought here to take his place. Before she could respond, he chuckled.
I know all about Alastair.
I know my brother died.
I know you and that butler of yours buried him.
Somehow you found Alastair and convinced him to play the part.
Theres no sense in denying it.
Im not an unreasonable person.
All I need is enough money to marry Lady Templeton.
Once I get it, Ill go to British India, and Ill never be a problem again.
Im telling you the truth.
I dont know where the money is.
Grunting, he shut and locked the door connecting her room with Jasons.
Then he locked the door leading to the hallway.
She gulped.
She was trapped.
Appleton would be there soon, but he wouldnt be able to get into the room so he could help her.
She was alone with him, and that meant she was at his mercy.
I dont know why everyone insists on making things difficult, he grumbled.
First my brother, then Alastair, and now you.
Its all so simple.
I need money.
I cant marry someone as wealthy as Lady Templeton if I dont bring enough of my own money into the marriage. He walked over to the window and opened it.
So the matter is really simple.
Either you give me some money or jewels or something I can use, or youre going to have a terrible fall out the window.
Maybe youll survive it.
Maybe you wont.
But is it worth risking your life and your childs life to find out?
She backed away from the window, her heartbeat racing.
I dont know where the money is, but I have diamonds that are worth a good sum.
If you let me go back into my bedchamber, I can get them.
I also have some money tucked away in my cabinet.
But will it be enough for what I need?
He made a move toward her, and she took a step away from him.
She had hoped to get close to the door leading to her bedchamber, but he was closer to it now.
She grimaced.
He had her blocked.
Someone knocked on her bedchamber door, making her jump.
Lord Mason pressed his fingers to his lips and shook his head in a silent warning that she better not say anything.
She clenched and unclenched her hands.
Your Grace? Appleton called out from her bedchamber door.
Do you need help?
She finally decided to answer, and opened her mouth when Lord Mason pulled out a pistol and aimed it at her.
She closed her mouth.
She couldnt deny hed thought through everything.
I dont want to get blood on my hands, Lord Mason whispered, but youre forcing my hand.
You think I want to live off the pathetic monthly allotment my brother allowed me for the rest of my life?
I want to be free of his strings, strings that even now haunt me since Alastair refused to help me.
Ill help you, she whispered, clutching her robe and praying he wasnt quick with the trigger.
Tell me where you think the money is.
This time Appleton knocked on Jasons bedchamber door.
She jerked and nearly cried aloud, but the pistol made her stop.
Your Grace? Appleton called out, knocking again.
Can you get to the door?
Lord Mason motioned to the small room off to the side of the bedchamber.
Without a word, she hurried to the room.
She took a deep breath and rubbed her sweaty palms on her robe.
This couldnt be happening.
It was a nightmare.
She was still in bed, safely under her blanket and fast asleep.
Soon shed wake up and breathe a sigh of relief.
She cleared her throat and turned to face him.
My brother kept important items in here, Lord Mason told her in a low voice as he gestured to the desk.
If money isnt in here, there should be information on where I can find it.
Or there might even be some valuables in here.
Whatever is in here, I know theres something I can use.
Why dont you open the drawers?
I did, but theres a box in the top one that requires a key.
You think I know where the key is?
He clicked the gun.
You might not have been close to my brother, but I saw the way you were with Alastair.
You and Alastair were close enough where he would have told you anything.
But I never looked at the contents in this desk.
Im starting to lose my patience, Anna.
Her gaze went to his gun then to the thin line on his lips and hard glint in his eyes.
As much as she tried to keep calm, her hands shook and tears filled her eyes.
I didnt even know there was a box in one of these drawers. She motioned to the drawers.
Which one is it?
Good try, but I dont believe you.
She pulled a drawer open and saw a pile of papers.
The next one over.
She opened it.
By the light of the moon, she saw the box he was talking about.
Though she knew there was a very slim chance it would open, she tried it anyway.
The lock held firm.
She searched the drawer for a key but didnt find it.
Either you get the key or Ill take care of you.
Whether that means shoving you out the window or using the pistol, you decide.
All right, all right.
Um If a key was that important to your brother, he would have kept it in the bedchamber, right?
Hed want it close by in case he needed it.
He waved the pistol to the door, so she hurried out of the room.
As long as she was looking for the key, he might hold off on hurting her.
She scanned the bedchamber and tried to figure out where her first husband might have put the key.
Her gaze went to the cabinet.
That was as good a place to search as any.
Uhone time, your brother mentioned the cabinet.
I-I cant remember exactly what he said about it, but it seemedactually, I heard it reported thathe wouldnt let anyonenot anyone at allnear it.
Th-that being the case, the key must be here.
She knew she was tripping over her words, but she had to say something.
Where was Appleton?
What was taking him so long?
She opened the cabinet and searched it.
Her hands shook as she fumbled around for the key.
A harsh bang resonated from her bedchamber door, and Appleton yelled for her to tell them if she was there.
Them?
Who else had Appleton retrieved to help him?
Anna, Lord Mason snapped, jutting the pistol into her side.
She shrieked and jumped away from it.
He covered her mouth with his hand and pointed the pistol at her head.
Not a smart move, Anna, he growled and dragged her over to the open window.
She tried to scream and struggled to get away from him, but he succeeded in pulling her to the window where a blast of cool air hit her face.
Appleton called out her name as he pounded on Jasons bedchamber door.
Tell him to go away, Lord Mason ordered.
He lifted his hand from her mouth, and she gasped for air.
Do it, he hissed, jabbing the pistol to the side of her head.
Tell him to go away.
Go Her voice cracked so she inhaled and tried again.
Go away!
Good. When Appleton pounded the door hard enough that it cracked, Lord Mason added, Tell him to stop at once.
S-stop! she forced out.
ImIm fine.
Stop hitting the door.
He let go of her but kept the gun pointed at her.
Go to the door, open it, and tell him youre fine.
She glanced at the gun and gave a slow nod, praying he wouldnt hurt her if she complied.
He was desperate, that much was certain, but he didnt want to jeopardize his future with Lady Templeton so maybe if she gave him what he wanted, hed leave and never come back.
Maybe this was going to be the end of it.
Her eyes met his, searching for the assurance she needed.
He stood by the window, so she couldnt make out his expression.
All she could make out was his silhouette.
But then a hand rose up from behind him and clasped onto the windowsill.
Scared, she let out a terrified scream.
The silhouette of a gentleman rose behind him and grabbed him.
Lord Mason fired a shot into the air.
Something in her snapped, and she ran to the bedchamber door as the two gentlemen struggled at the window.
Before she could unlock it, Appleton and the gardener broke down the door.
Lord Mason and the other gentleman fell to the floor.
Through the moonlight, it took her a moment to realize Jason had attacked Lord Mason.
Another shot fired into the air, and everyone ducked.
Jason struggled to get the gun away from Lord Mason, but Lord Mason tripped on Jasons foot and fell out the window.
For a moment, everyone stood still, shocked.
Then all at once, they headed for the window.
Appleton was the first one to join Jason at the window, followed by the gardener and Anna.
They peered down at the ground where Lord Mason was on the ground, his neck and legs twisted at an angle that could only mean he was dead.
As awful as it was to know he wasnt alive, she couldnt deny the relief she felt at knowing he was no longer going to be a threat to anyone.
She closed her eyes and covered her face with her hands.
Was she a horrible person for being glad another gentleman was dead?
First her husband and now Lord Mason
Someone wrapped her in a protective hug, and his arms were so wonderfully familiar to her that she didnt need to look at him to know he was Jason.
Hed returned home to her.
Appleton told me you were in trouble, Jason whispered, rubbing her back in comforting, circular motions.
Since the doors up here were locked and I saw the ladder leading up to the window, I decided to climb up here.
She took a moment to settle her nerves before looking at Appleton who was still peering down at Lord Mason.
He shook his head.
The only place hes going is in the ground.
Ill get his body, the gardener said and hurried out of the room.
What did he want? Jason asked, pulling away from her so he could see her face.
Did he hurt you?
No, he didnt hurt me, she quickly assured him, still shaking.
He wanted money.
He thought there was something in the desk in that room he could use. She gestured to the small room.
He wanted a key so he could open the box.
Appleton went to the desk and lit the candlestick while Jason let go of her and went to the cabinet.
Curious, she followed Jason and watched as he retrieved a key from the bottom shelf.
So she was right.
The key had been in there.
She joined Jason as he strode into the small room and placed the box on top of the desk.
There isnt money in here, Jason began as he unlocked it, but it does contain something important.
It wouldnt have done Mason any good, but it proves I have the right to the title.
Surprised, Anna glanced at Appleton whose eyebrows rose in interest.
Turning back to Jason, she asked, The right to the title?
He opened the box and dug out a couple of papers.
Your first husband had a twin brother, an older twin brother.
But the twin was sickly, and they didnt expect him to survive so the parents and doctor decided to quietly get rid of the twin and claim there was only one child born at the time. He handed her the papers so she could read through them.
That sickly twin was me.
I had to confirm it with someone at the circus, but he remembered me and he was the one who left me in the forest the night you found me.
She shot Appleton a worried look.
Do we need to be concerned about this person? Appleton asked.
No, Jason softly replied.
As long as Iron Jim believes Im dead, theres nothing to worry about.
Her gaze went back to the papers and she read through them.
So what does this mean? Appleton pressed.
It means that Alastair is no longer alive and Jason never died.
The only person who figured out Im not Jason just fell out the window.
I see no reason why anyone else should know.
She set the papers back in the box and looked at Jason.
So there was no wife or children?
No, Jason softly replied and smiled.
Thankfully, there wasnt.
Ill see to it that the proper funeral arrangements are made for Lord Mason, Appleton said before he left the room.
Relieved, she collapsed against Jason who wrapped her in a protective hug.
Finally, her heartbeat was slowing down and she had stopped shaking.
The stress of the past month slipped away.
She closed her eyes and relaxed.
It was over.
Now they could leave the past behind and move on to the future without the secrets and shadows hovering nearby.
I love you, Anna, he whispered and kissed the top of her head.
I cant imagine my life with anyone but you.
I love you, too.
And its not just you and me anymore.
What?
Noting the confusion in his voice, she smiled.
Shortly after you left, I discovered that Im expecting a child.
He slipped his finger under her chin and lifted it so he could make eye contact with her.
His lips curled up into a grin.
When I set my mind to it, I can get things done.
With a chuckle, she asked, When you set your mind to it?
You think you can just will something like a child and make it happen?
He playfully shrugged.
If memory serves, its imperative that a duke has an heir.
But we should be diligent.
Even if this child is a boy, we should aim for another boy or two or three or so I dont think there can be too many.
You never know what will happen.
Youre planning on having many children?
Well, were bound to have a girl or two.
With any luck, theyll be as pretty as their mother. He tapped her nose before kissing it.
And if we dont have a lot of children, trying will be a very enjoyable process.
She laughed and hugged him.
You wont hear me complain.
He cupped her face in his hands and kissed her, his lips lingering on hers until she felt weak in the knees.
And the best thing about it was that this was the first of many kisses to come.
***
A year later
Anna placed her cup on the tray and turned to Candace who was seated next to her on the settee in the drawing room of Annas London townhouse.
Would it be wrong for me to congratulate you?
Candace took a sip of her tea and shook her head.
No.
I realize on the outside I need to wear my mourning clothes and act the part of the bereaved widow, but theres no denying my relief in knowing Im no longer chained to Ian.
Anna recalled her relief when her first husband died and nodded.
I understand. And truly she did understand, much more than Candace would ever know.
What happened to Ians title?
It went to his cousin who is a much nicer sort than he was.
And you will live very well off the money left to you.
Yes.
Anna studied her friend and saw the happiness on her face.
She thought perhaps it might be wonderful if Candace could find someone as wonderful as Jason, but she knew mentioning that right now wouldnt be appropriate.
Candace needed time to be her own lady without the constraints of a husband.
She was still young at twenty.
There was time for her to remarry later.
Jason came into the drawing room with their five-month-old son, and Anna stood up.
Wasnt he taking a nap? she asked.
I heard him playing in his room so I decided to bring him down here, he replied.
Smiling, Anna glanced at Candace who rose to her feet.
I dont know why we have a nursemaid when he does so much with Caleb.
Theres going to be a balloon launch, and I dont want Caleb to miss it, Jason replied.
Besides, hell like all the colors.
Anna went over to them and took Caleb in her arms.
She adjusted the hat over his golden hair.
Hes too young to remember a balloon launch.
That doesnt matter.
What matters is that we get to spend the day together.
I think its a lovely idea, Candace said and touched Annas arm.
Ill come by for a visit in a few days.
I look forward to it, Anna told her.
Candace said good-bye to Jason and followed the footman out of the drawing room.
This poor little boy has no time to rest, Anna playfully admonished Jason.
Ever since weve been to London, youve been taking us all over the place.
Well, theres a lot to do and see.
Besides, I dont take him everywhere.
He stays here when we go to the theatre or the balls, and tonight well attend another ball.
Hes growing up so fast.
I have to enjoy the time while it lasts, especially since I can look back and remember it. He grinned at the boy and shook his hand.
Maybe when you have a brother or sister, I wont be so demanding of your time, Caleb.
Her heart warmed.
Its wonderful that you want to spend so much time with him, Jason.
Really, it is.
He kissed her.
And when we come back, you can play one of your songs for him.
You mean I can play a song for you?
He happens to like the same songs I do.
What can I say except that he has excellent taste in music?
She laughed and kissed him.
I love you, Jason.
All right.
Lets see a balloon launch.
And maybe we can get something sweet to eat on the way back.
Id like for him to try iced cream.
Maybe tomorrow well find another sweet for him to try.
Our son is one fortunate boy to get so much.
Theres an entire world out there to learn about and who better than his parents to teach him? Jason tickled the boy under his chin, and the boy squirmed against her, laughing.
Were building memories.
Good ones.
Tears filled her eyes, but these were tears of joy and that being the case, she didnt mind them.
Jason never did recover the memories of his past, and while she suspected it was for the best, she was glad for the memories they were creating together with their son and would share with their other children in the future.
May I see you out? Appleton asked, stepping into the drawing room.
Yes.
I think were ready. Jason glanced at her, and she nodded.
We wont be more than two hours.
She followed Jason, and as they passed through the front door which Appleton held for them, she caught the expression on Appletons face and knew he couldnt be happier for her.
Have a good time, Your Grace, he told her.
I will, she replied, grateful for all hed done for her.
Had it not been for him, she wouldnt be here today.
Thank you.
He bowed and softly shut the door behind them.
Jason patted the small of her back.
Have you ever wondered what its like to be up in the air in a balloon?
She laughed.
Of course not.
No?
Really? They headed down the side of the street, and he pointed to the sky.
Imagine how fun it would be if we were all the way up there, looking down at all the people and houses.
Being up at that height is exactly why I wouldnt like it.
There is a possibility of falling.
A slim one.
But sometimes you have to take risks to truly enjoy life.
I can enjoy life with my feet on the ground as much as I can up there.
I highly doubt that.
Its true.
While they continued their good-natured debate on the way to the balloon launch, Caleb rested his head on Annas shoulder, and Anna smiled, anticipating the many adventures that were to comethough none would involve her going up in the air in a balloon.
* All Books by Ruth Ann Nordin All Books by Ruth Ann Nordin{{{1 All Books by Ruth Ann Nordin
(Chronological Order)
Regencies
Marriage by Scandal Series
The Earls Inconvenient Wife
A Most Unsuitable Earl
His Reluctant Lady
The Earls Scandalous Wife
Standalone Regency
Her Counterfeit Husband (happens during A Most Unsuitable Earl)
Marriage by Deceit Series
The Earls Secret Bargain
Love Lessons With the Duke
Ruined by the Earl
The Earls Stolen Bride
Marriage by Arrangement Series
His Wicked Lady
Her Devilish Marquess
The Earls Wallflower Bride
Marriage by Bargain Series
The Viscounts Runaway Bride
The Rakes Vow
Taming The Viscountess
If It Takes A Scandal
Marriage by Fate Series
The Reclusive Earl
Married In Haste
Make Believe Bride
The Perfect Duke
Marriage by Fairytale Series
The Marriage Contract
One Enchanted Evening  coming soon
Historical Western Romances
Pioneer Series
Wagon Trail Bride
The Marriage Agreement
Groom For Hire
Forced Into Marriage
Nebraska Series
Her Hearts Desire
A Bride for Tom
A Husband for Margaret
Eye of the Beholder
The Wrong Husband
Shotgun Groom
To Have and To Hold
His Redeeming Bride
Isaacs Decision
Misled Mail Order Brides Series
The Bride Price
The Rejected Groom
The Perfect Wife  coming soon
Chance at Love Series
The Convenient Mail Order Bride
The Mistaken Mail Order Bride
The Accidental Mail Order Bride
The Bargain Mail Order Bride
South Dakota Series
Loving Eliza
Bid for a Bride
Bride of Second Chances
Montana Collection
Mitchs Win
Boazs Wager
Pattys Gamble
Native American Romance Series
Restoring Hope
A Chance In Time
Brave Beginnings
Bound by Honor, Bound by Love
Virginia Series
An Unlikely Place for Love
The Cold Wife
An Inconvenient Marriage
Romancing Adrienne
Standalone Historical Western Romances
Falling In Love With Her Husband
Kent Ashtons Backstory
Catching Kent
His Convenient Wife
Meant To Be
The Mail Order Brides Deception
Contemporary Romances
Omaha Series
With This Ring, I Thee Dread
What Nathan Wants
Just Good Friends
Across the Stars Series
Suddenly a Bride
Runaway Bride
His Abducted Bride
Standalone Contemporaries
Substitute Bride
Co-Authored Romances
Historical Romance Anthologies (with Janet Syas Nitsick)
Bride by Arrangement
A Grooms Promise
Contemporary Anthology (with Catherine Lynn)
Bride By Design
Thrillers
Return of the Aliens (Christian End-Times Novel)
Late One Night (flash fiction)
The Very True Legends of Ol Man Wickleberry and his Demise - Ink Slingers Anthology
Fantasies
Enchanted Galaxy Series
A Royal Engagement
Royal Hearts
The Royal Pursuit
Royal Heiress
Nonfiction
Writing Tips Series
11 Tips for New Writers
The Emotionally Engaging Character
* Where to Find Ruth Where to Find Ruth{{{1 Where to Find Ruth Ann Nordin
To find out more about Ruth Ann Nordins available books and books shes working on, you can go to the following sites:
Her Author Blog: [http://ruthannnordinauthorblog.wordpress.com](http://ruthannnordinauthorblog.wordpress.com/)
Her Website:
[www.ruthannnordin.com](http://www.ruthannnordin.com/)* Preface Preface{{{1 ### Preface
A single howl made me stop short.
The wolves!
Lets hope they are farther away than they sound. Gage tightened his hold on my hand and pulled me forward.
Three more howls filled the night.
They sound closer.
We picked up the pace, and I chanced a glance behind me.
That was a mistake.
Several large grey wolves came into view.
Run!
Gage didnt need to be told twice.
He broke into a run without letting go of my hand.
I ran as fast as possible over the frozen snow, but we didnt get far before the wolves started circling around us.
Oh my god. Could things get any worse?
You have to make a run for it. Gages voice quivered.
Theyre going to kill us.
Im not leaving you. I tried to stay strong, and I kept my eyes locked on the wolves.
There were five of them.
All of them were massive, much larger than any wolf Id seen before, but one of them was even bigger and had a large silver streak running down its back.
That wolf seemed to be staring right at me.
Ill distract them.
You run.
Ill catch up.
I spotted an opening next to one of the smaller of the wolves and went for it.
I didnt make it far before one of the wolves stepped in front of me.
I froze, paralyzed with fear, before my legs were knocked from under me.
Suddenly, I was lying in the snow with a giant wolf hovering over me.
Were fucked. Gage voiced exactly what I was thinking.
The silver streaked wolf stared down at me.
Its almost glowing eyes bored into mine.
Was I really going to die as half-frozen food for a giant wild animal?
Then things got hazy and the air seemed to buzz.
Moments later it wasnt a wolf on top of meit was a man.
A completely naked man with a faint scar across his face.
What the heck? I tried to scurry back, but Hunter didnt move.
His very exposed parts nearly touched me.
I didnt want to notice his size, but I did.
He was huge.
He also didnt look remotely concerned with the cold.
His lips brushed against my ear.
Were you going somewhere?
* Chapter One Mary Anne Chapter One Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter One Mary Anne
He wore black athletic shorts that sat low on his hips and gave me a fantastic view of his perfectly sculpted abs.
I had a strong desire to touch those abs with my hands and quite possibly my tongue.
His bare chest was equally as alluring, all muscle with just a little bit of sweat sliding down.
 _Thanks for waiting up for me. He walked into his room and closed the door.
I was worried youd have fallen asleep already. He slipped off those black shorts and walked toward his bed that amazingly enough I was already tucked into.
He pulled back the blanket.
And youre wearing the lingerie I like best. He grinned wickedly as he slipped in beside me._
 _Isnt the best part taking it off me? I bit my lip, knowing that it would only turn him on more._
 _You remembered. He slipped the strap down off my right shoulder._
 _I remember everything about you.
I always have._
 _Howd I get so lucky? He slipped off the other strap as he left tiny kisses from my shoulder up toward my neck._
 _You know youre the only one Ive ever wanted._
 _I know. He pushed my top down and out of the way.
I feel exactly the same way. His mouth closed around my breast._
Mary Anne!
My eyes flew open as someone pounded on the door to my dorm room.
I blinked a few times, trying to hold on to the remnants of my dream.
Mary Anne! The voice yelled louder.
I grudgingly dragged myself across the room and opened the door.
I wasnt surprised to see Genevieve standing there.
Finally! She pushed into the room.
I closed the door and cut her off before she could sit on my bed.
I needed to make it first.
I pulled back my jersey knit lime green sheets and navy blue comforter.
As soon as I smoothed out the comforter, she took a seat.
I sat in my desk chair and watched her.
As lovely as it is to see you, Im guessing theres a reason youre here?
Arent you a little grouchy this morning? Suddenly her glossy lips twisted up into a smile.
Wait.you were dreaming about him again.
Why do you have to say it like its a bad thing?
Most women have some sort of sexual dreams.
It isnt at all abnormal. I ran my fingers through my long red hair to get out the tangles.
Mary Anne, Im only saying this because Im a friend and I care about you, but youre obsessed. She crossed her legs.
Most women may have sex dreams, but theyre about celebrities, not a guy they actually know.
Plus, the frequency is the crazy part.
Theres nothing wrong with dreaming about Gage.
There is.
If you want him so bad, just get with him.
Its not like hed say no.
Hes gotten with half the girls on this campus already.
I groaned.
Thats not entirely true.
I admit he has a reputation, but he doesnt actually sleep with everyone.
Plus, I cant just sleep with him.
We have a history.
Were from the same town. Maybe claiming we had a history was a bit of an overstatement, but I had known him practically my entire life.
Is he still driving you home for break? She leaned back on her hands.
Of course.
Why would that change?
I thought you might have considered taking Roy up on his offer to drop you off on his way home. She raised an eyebrow.
Gage and I are going to the same place.
It makes sense to have him drive me.
Plus, my parents know him.
Mary Anne. Genevieve was in the habit of saying my name far more often than necessary.
She was the best friend I had at Eastern U, so I didnt remind her of how annoying the practice was.
You know what youre doing, right?
Are we still discussing my plans to get a ride home with Gage?
More specifically were discussing your decision to say no to Roys offer.
Youre chicken.
Youre afraid of accepting an overture from a guy who you actually have a chance with.
A guy who is really interested in you.
I wonder why you want me to give Roy another shot? I bit back the smile that was ready to come out.
This would have nothing to do with his best friend, would it? Id gone out on one date with Roy, and although there was nothing particularly wrong with it, I had no intention of seeing him again.
What? She put a hand on her chest.
Of course not.
Oh?
It wouldnt be convenient for you if I were dating Roy?
Sure, it would be convenient to have an excuse to spend time with Tony, but thats not why I want you to give Roy another chance.
Hes a nice guy.
He is nice.
Hes also intelligent and cute, but that doesnt mean I want to spend four hours in a car with him.
Not when you can spend the same amount of time in a car with Gage.
Gage drives a truck.
Genevieve sighed.
Same thing.
My point is that you have no excuse to be sitting around pining over a guy when you have real, good options knocking down your door.
I didnt take the bait.
I was too stressed out to get into a fight about my love life.
Im taking a shower. I walked over to my closet and pulled down my favorite pair of worn in jeans.
I took a purple thermal shirt from my dresser.
December in Boston was cold.
Im sure its going to be a cold shower. Genevieve made no move to leave my room.
I hadnt even gotten to the good part in my dream, so a hot shower will be perfectly fine.
Ill wait here. She lay back on my bed.
We can walk over to the exam together.
I hesitated with my hand on the door knob.
That sounds great, but please no more overanalyzing my choice of men.
I need to keep my mind focused on the test.
Youre going to ace it.
You know this stuff inside and out.
Lets hope.
I refuse to become the first member of my family not to get the Youngston Fellowship, and I need to ace calculus to get it.
Youll ace it, but so what if you dont get the fellowship?
Youll still get into grad school, and youll be able to do exactly what you want anyway.
You dont know my parents.
She sat up.
Ive met them.
Meeting them is different than knowing them.
Yeah, but you said they wouldnt mind you getting a ride home with Gage.
That makes me question their sanity. She laughed.
Ok, take that shower.
We dont have much time.
I wonder why not.
Dont start.
Your alarm would just be going off.
As if to prove her point, the dinging of my alarm started.
Genevieve turned it off, and I headed down the hall to the bathroom.
Four hours in the car with Gage.
I could hardly wait.
* Chapter Two Gage Chapter Two Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Two Gage
Do you want to get out of here? A girl whose name I only vaguely remembered pushed a bunch of blond hair off her shoulder.
She tilted her head slightly in order to reveal her neck to me.
Whether she knew it or not, that was her subconscious way of telling me she was available and willing.
The problem with majoring in Psych, and having a mom who was a psychiatrist, is you noticed those things.
You noticed when a girl was acting in the same way an animal wouldshowing she was submissive.
Some guys might have found that a turn on, but I didnt.
Unfortunately that was about the only type of girl I tended to attract.
The more challenging ones, the type that wouldnt hand over control until I earned it, were harder to come by at Eastern U.
Either that or they just werent interested in a guy like me.
Im good actually. The party was boring, but I wasnt in the mood to even consider taking the girl home.
I was more concerned with how crappy my drive home would be the next day if the snow came early.
Are you sure? She put a hand on my forearm and leaned in.
We could be having a lot more fun somewhere else.
Im leaving early tomorrow. That was the lamest excuse in the book, but it was nicer than any other line I could come up with.
Oh.
Ok. Her face fell as she released my arm.
See you around. She walked off into the crowd.
I was sure shed find someone else to occupy her time.
I didnt delude myself into thinking I was anything special to a girl like that.
I was a body with a dick and some muscles.
Shed find a replacement easily.
Loud laughter had me flipping around.
Cold, man. It was Josh, of course.
Shut up.
I dont have to sleep with every girl that comes my way.
No, but that one was cute enough. He gazed in the direction shed disappeared.
He was probably staring at her ass.
Im not interested. I looked out at the falling snow again.
You have messed up taste.
You still havent even bagged that sexy nerd who is always hanging on to your every word.
Who, Mary Anne? Sexy nerd was probably a good description for the girl.
Id have never thought that Mary Anne Andrews would ever earn the label sexy, but somehow in the months since showing up at school shed become just that.
I noticed her way more than I should have, and shed even starred in a fantasy or two.
Her older brother would have had my ass for even thinking about her that way.
Josh laughed.
So you admit shes sexy.
Shes attractive, Ive never denied that.
But, youve yet to tap that resource?
Tap that resource?
Thats a pathetic one even for you.
You know what I mean.
Shes from your hometown.
If you had her as a friend with benefits youd get some back home too.
Not going to happen.
Ive known her way too long, and its not like that with us. Up until a few months ago I still thought about her as a little kid.
That was definitely changing, but it didnt change whether I was going to touch her.
Thats the excuse you can use when youre good friends, but youre not good friends.
There is no friendship to ruin.
Theres still plenty to ruin.
But why the hell do you care? Josh always had ulterior motives.
Im getting bored.
She seems like a fun new challenge.
I shook my head.
Dont even think about it.
Why not?
If youre not interested, what does it matter if I want in?
Because shes off limits. Way off limits.
I wasnt sure where the strong protective instinct came from.
As Josh pointed out, we werent close friends, but Mayville, our hometown, was small enough that you knew everybody.
Add to it that I played football and basketball with her older brother, and it seemed natural enough.
Whatever, someones going to tap that soon.
If they havent already.
He was right.
I knew that.
Id seen her out on a date the week before and found it bothered me more than I wanted to admit.
Mary Anne had definitely grown up, and I wasnt the only one noticing just how attractive she was.
She hadnt realized it yet though.
I could tell by the way she looked down instead of making eye contact.
Are you really planning to leave early tomorrow? He wisely dropped the Mary Anne subject.
Yeah, I dont want to get stuck in the mountains when the snow hits.
How many hours is it?
Just four, but it takes ten times longer in the snow.
Gage, whats up man? Tad, my at times annoying roommate, called from across the room.
Im pretty much the same as I was a few minutes ago when you asked.
He laughed drunkenly.
Oh, I forgot.
Why are we friends with him again? Josh asked.
I could ask the same question about you.
* Chapter Three Mary Anne Chapter Three Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Three Mary Anne
Wow, this is fun. I rolled my eyes at Genevive as we made a half-attempt to mingle with our classmates.
We were at a house party of a sophomore Id had a few classes with that semester.
Its not that Genevieve and I were completely anti-social, but we didnt exactly revel in drinking cheap beer and wearing short skirts with the hope of catching the right guys eye.
Okay, Id have worn nearly anything to get that kind of attention from Gage, but I knew he wouldnt be at this party.
Even in college Gage and I were part of different crowds.
I guess some things never change.
Weve been here close to an hour.
Lets hold off until ten thirty, and then we can leave. Genevieve was the type who always came up with an answer.
She never waffled or wavered, which made her the perfect person to go out with.
Deal. I forced myself to take another sip of the flat beer I was currently holding.
It tasted just as putrid as the last sip.
I gave up on the beer and focused on the faint music playing in the background.
The music seemed out of place at a college party.
It felt dated in that, this is what my parents would listen to sort of way.
Were done with first semester.
That should be exciting. She sipped her own beer.
By the expression on her face she wasnt enjoying hers either.
It should be.
Were halfway done with freshman year. Somehow the first semester of college had been a letdown though.
My high expectations tend to lead to disappointment.
Maybe theres something wrong with us.
We dont get excited about normal things.
Or maybe were the normal ones. I set down the red cup.
Mary Anne?
I tensed.
I recognized the voice, and it wasnt one Id been looking forward to hearing.
I turned around slowly.
Hi, Roy.
Im not sure if you got my calls. Roy eyed me suspiciously.
He wasnt really asking a question.
Oh, sorry.
Its been a busy couple of days.
Ive been calling for the past week, and you definitely avoided me after lab the other day.
Genevieve laughed, and I glared at her.
Im sorry. When push comes to shove, sometimes you have to cut your losses and just fess up to someone even if its going to make for a sticky situation.
I dont understand you. He crossed his arms.
How so? This would be interesting.
Why go out with me if you were just going to blow me off afterward?
That was a good question, one I didnt feel like answering.
You really wont even let me drop you off on my way home?
I promise Im a really good driver.
I dont doubt your driving expertise, but I told you I already have a ride.
He sighed.
You look really nice tonight.
I glanced down at my jeans and sweater.
Nothing overly special.
He was grasping for straws.
Thank you.
At least youll take a compliment from me.
Thats better than ignoring me completely.
I felt bad.
I never should have said yes to him in the first place.
Id just been curious.
And lonely.
I was eighteen-years-old.
Loneliness shouldnt have been an issue.
I really am sorry.
Hey, ladies. Tony strode over in his geeky way.
I had no clue what Genevieve saw in him, but she wasnt the only one.
He seemed to always have a girlfriend, and they were generally the really pretty sorority girl type.
Maybe it was the whole he could be the next billionaire software developer angle.
It didnt do it for me.
Id have rather made the money myself.
Hey, Tony. Genevieve smiled all doe eyed at him.
Did you guys see the weather update?
It looks like its going to be a crazy storm.
The report changed? How hadnt I known?
I was usually on top of that sort of thing.
I pulled out my phone.
Two feet?
Were supposed to get two feet now? I hoped the more severe forecast didnt mess with our trip home.
Genevieve sighed.
Theres no way my flight is getting off tomorrow.
I groaned.
If it snows like that Im not getting home either.
That settles it, we can have a snowed in party then. Tony put an arm around both of us.
Sometimes I wanted to remind him that he wasnt actually cool.
A snowed in party? Roy asked while shooting his friend a dirty look.
I was positive the look stemmed from him having his arm around me.
I glanced at Genevive.
She had to realize how ridiculous he sounded.
Instead she was grinning.
I wondered if I looked just as ridiculous when I talked to Gage.
Tony appeared oblivious to Genevieves attention.
Yeah, we might as well make the most of it.
I shrugged out from underneath his arm.
I needed to find out what Gages take was on the storm.
Knowing him, it wouldnt worry him.
Im going to text Gage.
Why?
So he knows he can stay out all night partying? Genevieve ribbed.
She understood my fascination with Gage as much as I understood hers with Tony.
At least wed never have to worry about fighting over the same guy.
I rolled my eyes.
No, so we can make alternative plans.
Gage?
Gage Morris? Roy looked between us.
Are you still hung up on him?
I ignored Roy.
He was really grating on my nerves, and for about the one hundredth time I regretted my decision to go out to dinner with him.
It wasnt that he was bad looking, he wasnt.
He was smart, generally nice, and way better than most of the guys I attracted, but I wasnt interested.
The tiny voice in my head that never shut up reminded me of my problem.
I didnt want to settle for anyone but Gage.
I was obsessed, but I had no plans to change it.
Im guessing she never told you who was driving her home, Genevieve answered for me as I texted.
Did you see the weather report?
Gage didnt reply right away, so I pocketed my phone.
Roy gave me a disapproving look.
Gage is driving you home?
Do you really think thats smart?
Were friends from home.
It makes more sense then you going out of your way to stop in my town.
Its fifteen minutes out of the way.
Whats fifteen minutes when I get to spend hours in your company?
Genevieve gave me an I told you so look.
I shrugged.
The guy was nice, but I was done leading him on.
Roy touched my arm.
Looks like the snow already started.
I followed his gaze to look out one of the small windows someone had opened.
A light sprinkling of snow blew inside.
Genevieve watched with a pout as Tony walked off to talk to another group of girls.
Ready to head home?
Sure, nice seeing you, Roy. I tried to be polite.
Lesson learned: dont date guys you have to take classes with all four years of college.
Listen, Mary Anne.
I think we should try it again.
I had a great time the other night, and I know you did too.
I was going to wait until after break to ask, but with the weather and all were probably going to be stuck here another day.
Maybe we can watch a movie or something tomorrow night?
Oh, I dont know. I struggled to find an acceptable excuse.
Genevieve shook her head.
I shouldnt have even given the guy hope, but I wasnt used to turning people down.
It wasnt something Id had to do a lot.
I said a polite goodbye to Roy before following Genevieve out of the apartment and into the stairwell.
We walked down the stairs and out into the light snow.
I regretted bringing a coat without a hood.
I looked down as we walked to avoid getting the stinging flakes on my face.
Were almost there. Genevieve shivered beside me.
She was probably having the same coat regret I was.
Remind me again why we go to school in the arctic?
I laughed despite the discomfort.
You think this is cold, try living where Im from.
Its worse.
Im only visiting in the summer.
Are you sure?
Id have thought youd want to learn to ski.
She pulled her jacket tighter around her.
The only kind of skiing I enjoy takes place on the water.
And thats the one type Ive never done. I pushed open the door to our dorm.
Genevieve hurried in behind me, and we let the door slam shut.
We took the stairs up to the fourth floor and automatically went to my room.
I was one of the lucky few whod ended up with a single room.
Genevieve had a roommate whose boyfriend had pretty much moved in the first day.
Id been tempted to offer to switch rooms with her roommate, but I loved having my own space when it came time to studyingor pining over Gage.
Her roommate had left for vacation already, but some habits are hard to break.
Genevieve glanced at her phone.
Damn it. She slammed my door.
What? I hung up my jacket in the closet.
They already canceled my flight.
Seriously?
But the snows just starting.
She shrugged.
Well, at least I dont have to worry about it.
I know Im stuck here.
I sat down cross-legged on my bed.
Theyll have the airport dug out quickly, and hopefully theyll rebook you soon.
Lets hope. She slumped down next to me.
My phone rang from my purse, so I got up to look at it.
Gage? My heart sped up even though I knew why he was calling.
Hey, Mary Anne. His voice changed slightly when he said my name.
Either that or I was imagining things.
Are you packed?
Yeah, but it looks like were going to be here another few days.
Not a chance.
Ill swing by to get you in ten minutes.
What?
Didnt you see the weather report?
Yeah, thats why were leaving now. His deep voice distracted me until I heard a door slam.
Its not like Im dying to get back to my parents house, but I dont want to get stuck on campus without power or anything.
I need to go pack the truck.
Ill see you in ten.
Will you be outside?
Ten minutes?
He really wanted to leave in ten minutes?
Are you sure about this?
What if the storm gets worse?
Ive got the chains ready.
Were good, I promise.
Gage, I dont know
Do you want a ride home or not?
If it were anyone else asking I would have said no, but it was Gage.
Any logical thoughts went out the window when it came to him.
Yeah, I need one.
Then Ill see you in ten. He hung up.
No. Genevieve shook her head.
There is no way youre getting on the road right now.
I stared down at my phone.
I think I am.
Why?
He thinks well beat the storm this way.
It would be nice to get home
So what, youre just going to leave me here?
Hes my ride home.
What am I supposed to do? I finally snapped out of my fog enough to start collecting my stuff.
She crossed her arms.
Roy made it clear his offer was still on the table.
It makes more sense.
Im going with Gage. My reasoning wasnt sound, but it was Gage Marshal.
Nothing about me was ever sound when it came to him.
Dont let your hormones get you into trouble.
Do you really want to spend this storm stuck at some seedy hotel? She paused.
Wait.
Dont answer that.
I laughed.
Well be fine.
Ill call you when I get in.
How much time do you have?
I glanced at my watch.
About eight minutes.
Seriously?
Thats it?
Pretty much. I searched around my room for anything I may have forgotten to pack.
Great.
I forgot to pick up snacks for the road.
Lets check out the vending machines. Genevieve knew me well enough to know there was nothing she could do to change my mind.
I put my purse over my shoulder and wheeled out my large suitcase behind me.
I turned off the lights and locked my door.
So long room, Ill miss you.
Genevieve nudged me.
Stop rubbing it in.
Oh come on, your roommate left today, you actually have your own room tonight.
True.
I might as well enjoy it. She led the way to the stairs.
Too bad Tonys not interested.
There are so many better guys out there.
Says the girl obsessed with a muscle head who thinks of you as a little kid. She held open the door to the vending area of the lobby.
I tried to shrug, but that only offset my bag.
We cant choose who we fall for.
Isnt the saying we cant choose who we love?
Yes, but I dont want to admit I love Gage.
But you do. She gave me a knowing look.
No comment.
The vending machines were largely empty, so I settled on a bag of M&Ms, two bottles of Coke so we could stay awake, and a package of peanut butter cups.
Genevieve picked up the peanut butter cups.
I thought you didnt like peanut butter.
I dont. Gage, however, loved it.
I glanced at my watch.
I was down to a minute.
I need to head out.
All right, be safe. She pulled me into a big hug.
After a few moments I pulled away.
You too!
Have a safe trip, and Ill miss you.
Well have to talk once I make it home.
I want to know all about your drive.
Im sure I wont have anything to report, but Ill tell you all the boring details.
A horn honked, and I knew exactly who it was.
I better go.
She held open the door, and I wheeled my bag out.
Gage jumped out of his truck while keeping the engine idling.
Did you have to honk?
Im less than thirty seconds late.
He grinned.
I have to keep you on your toes. He took my bag from me before walking around to the back of his truck and opening the tailgate.
He had one of those camper shells, so at least we didnt have to worry about our stuff getting wet in the snow.
I shook my head and went around to the passenger side.
He was already in the drivers seat by the time I closed my door.
Are you sure about this?
The snow is getting heavier out there.
Relax, Mary Anne.
Dont you trust me? He set those brown eyes of his on me, and I was lost.
I nodded absently.
Of course.
He grinned again, probably realizing exactly what effect he had on me.
Just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.
* Chapter Four Gage Chapter Four Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Four Gage
Shit, she was uptight.
Mary Anne was cute, but man, she was tuned up tighter than a guitar string.
If shed been any other girl Id have probably been coming up with ways to get rid of that tension, but she was off limitseven to me.
I drove through the nearly empty city streets as she struggled to get out of her dark blue parka.
Do you need some help with that? My chivalrous side couldnt stand to see her struggle.
She pulled one arm out.
Youre supposed to be driving.
I can drive and help you at the same time. I was good at multi-tasking.
She blushed which made me wonder if she was thinking about me helping her in another way.
Now that would make the four hours go quicker.
My body responded to that thought, and I cursed silently.
Getting a hard on this early in the trip wasnt a good thing.
Maybe I shouldnt have agreed to drive her home.
She folded the coat in her lap.
I needed a coat on my lap at the moment, but Id already tossed mine in the back.
It doesnt matter.
I got it off.
Great. I turned on the radio and started to flip through the stations to distract myself.
How was this girl having this effect on me?
Maybe it was from the close proximity.
She pushed my hand off the dial.
I can do that.
Oh, can you? I teased, while trying to ignore how good the momentary physical contact felt.
I was losing it, and wed just gotten on the road.
Id rather get out of this city in one piece.
Please drive, and let me do the other things.
The other things.
Gotcha.
She flipped through the stations until she landed on a rock station.
Do you listen to this stuff? I asked with genuine surprise.
I pegged her as the classic or folk music type.
Yeah.
My dad raised me on classic rock.
Oh, my mistake.
She crossed her arms.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Rock. I smiled.
You picked well.
Great. She settled back against her seat.
Im sorry.
For? I glanced over, hoping my momentary lapse from keeping my eyes straight ahead wouldnt set her off again.
Getting on your case.
I just get nervous driving in snow.
Its a good thing youre not driving then. I put an arm behind her seat and glanced out at the dense flakes of snow that seemed to be falling faster than even ten minutes earlier.
But how you can be nervous driving in the snow growing up in Mayville, I have no idea.
Dont you remember my accident?
Wait, yeah.
Didnt you total your Dads car the day you got your license? That story had spread through town like a wildfire.
Yeah. She slumped down.
I dont think my dads ever forgiven me.
At least you werent hurt.
Not physically it took me six months before I tried driving again.
I touched her arm gently.
Ill say it again.
Its a good thing youre not driving.
She pushed my arm.
Thanks.
Aw, come on.
We have all had that kind of stuff happen.
Not my family, she mumbled under her breath.
Fair enough. She had a point.
Not only was her brother the star player on just about every sports team you could name, he was also valedictorian.
He was the kind of kid everyone hated.
The snows picking up. She changed the subject as I turned onto the Mass Pike.
Back to the weather, are we? I teased.
Its appropriate considering what it looks like outside.
Think of this as an adventure then.
An adventure?
Right. She turned to look out the window, but I caught a smile on her face first.
She had a nice smile, the kind that actually showed off teeth.
Nice.
At least I was making some progress with her.
We drove for about another hour before we came to a near standstill in traffic.
The lines of cars went on for as far as I could see.
It was probably an accident.
Fantastic.
Do you want to stop?
We can still turn around or find a place for the night.
Id have been more than happy to find a place for the night with her, but that wasnt in the cards.
No, the snow isnt too crazy right now.
Lets pull off at the next town so I can put the chains on. I didnt want to admit it, but the snow was getting heavier.
With chains Id be able to get through the mountains, but without them it might get dicey.
Okay, we can reassess then.
I smiled.
Reassess.
This girl was something else.
We crawled for another twenty minutes before we finally hit the exit.
I pulled off, looking for a gas station with a covered area and an open twenty-four hours store so Mary Anne could grab us some food.
Half a mile down the road, I found something better, a station catty corner to a diner that still had its lights on.
I decided to deal with any angry response head on.
One of us needs to do the chains and the other needs to order food.
Im not about gender stereotyping but
Ill get the food.
What do you want?
I laughed.
I guess Id been wrong about her response.
Surprise me. I winked.
She slipped back into her coat and zipped it up.
She looked adorable with the hood on, but I kept that assessment to myself.
I opened the tail gate and pulled out the chains.
It would probably take longer for her to get the food, but I wanted to get the chains over with.
Even without the snow, it was cold as hell out, and I was ready to get inside.
Fifteen minutes later I walked inside and glanced around for Mary Anne.
She was seated in a booth chatting with an older couple sitting at the next table.
Hey. I slid in across from her.
Hey.
Did you get them on?
Yes.
Its not my first time doing it.
I know.
I just felt bad leaving you out there like that. She gazed out at the snowy parking lot.
Aww, thanks. I noticed a cup of coffee.
Howd you know I wanted this?
Its late and weve got hours to drive.
Whether you wanted the coffee is meaningless.
You needed it.
I sipped the hot coffee, enjoying the warmth on the way down.
Thanks.
Dont you want to know what I ordered you to eat?
I told you to surprise me, Ill find out when it gets here.
You didnt mention your friend was so handsome. The older woman smiled at Mary Anne.
I grinned.
You were talking about me?
She shifted in her seat.
I was assuring this nice couple that I wasnt out in this weather alone.
Of course not.
I mean girls cant even travel themselves, can they? I smirked.
Mary Anne kicked me under the table.
Well, you two would make a lovely couple. The woman smiled.
We would, wouldnt we? I didnt know why I was messing with Mary Anne, but it was unbelievably fun.
Her facial expressions were priceless.
I even got another blush out of her.
She shook her head.
Oh look, our foods coming.
A waitress walked over with two large white plates.
She placed mine in front of me.
Perfect. I grabbed one fry from the heaping pile on the plate next to my turkey club.
She blushed again.
Glad you like it.
She took a bite of her identical sandwich.
You assumed I liked the same thing as you?
No, I remembered, she mumbled before taking a sip of her coffee.
Remembered from? I wracked my brain.
Had we had a meal together before?
Thats what you ordered when you went out to eat with my family in high school.
Uh Did she seriously remember what I ate that long ago?
I have a really good memory. She stuffed a fry in her mouth.
Wow, Im flattered you remember.
Dont be.
I told you I just have a good memory.
Whatever you say. I forced back a smile.
Good memory or not, she was into me.
That thought made me happier than it should have.
I need to talk to you about something.
Uh oh.
Id worry you were going to say you were pregnant, but we havent had sex. Not yet.
Fuck, I couldnt think that way.
She was off limits.
Completely off limits.
I shouldnt have even been joking with her that way.
It just sort of happened.
She was bringing out that side in me.
Both members of the older couple looked over.
Mary Anne glared.
Very funny.
Okay, what is it?
There are a couple of decent hotels around.
Maybe we should see if we can find one with an open room.
Mary Anne, Im flattered you want to get me into a hotel room, but Im kind of in the mood to get home. Total bullshit.
My pants were tight just thinking about her in a hotel room, but it would lead to trouble.
She kicked me again, this time harder.
With all these sex jokes Id think you were the one who wanted me.
Who said I didnt? No use lying to the girl.
Her face paled and she said nothing.
Had I actually left her speechless?
Weve got the chains and a truck.
Were good.
Ok.
Im going to use the restroom.
Ill be right back. She slid out of the booth and walked away.
Shes a keeper. The older man leaned over.
Yeah, thanks. I had to get myself in check.
What was going on with me?
Maybe this is what happened when I went close to two months without getting any.
It was my longest stretch of celibacy since I was sixteen, but I just hadnt found anyone worth my time in a while.
All the girls I attracted seemed desperate or something.
I mean it.
Dont be stupid.
Girls like that are hard to find, and when you do find them you need to keep them. He reached over and squeezed the hand of the woman I assumed was his wife.
Okay. I wasnt thinking about keeping her.
I was more concerned with how I was going to keep my hands to myself for the next few hours.
I went back to my sandwich.
I polished it off before she even got back to the table.
At least I could take care of that appetite.
My turn for the restroom.
A few minutes later, we were heading out the door and back to the truck.
I opened her door.
She looked at me funny before hopping in.
Did she think I didnt know how to be a gentleman?
Id never been rude to her before.
The turnpikes closed up at forty-one because of an accident, a trucker called over.
If youre heading west Id go back inside.
Is twenty still open? It wouldnt be my first choice for a road, but it beat turning around.
Sure, but who would take that road in this weather?
Me. I got in the drivers seat and backed out.
At least we had chains on.
Mary Anne looked over questioningly.
What was he telling you?
I debated how much to tell her as I drove back toward the turnpike.
We only needed to go another fifteen miles or so before I could turn off and get us over to another road.
I didnt want to get her unnecessarily concerned, so I tried to play it off.
Oh, just that the turnpikes closed about fifty miles up.
What? She sat up stock straight.
Then why are we back on the turnpike?
We need to find a hotel.
No we dont.
Its closed for an accident.
We can take a highway on up and pass the part thats closed.
A highway?
In this weather?
Come on, weve got chains, and its only a few hundred miles.
Ill pay for the hotel.
Really, I dont mind.
Mary Anne, chill out.
I put the chains on.
Were fine.
She gripped her seat.
But what if other people arent?
What if drivers without chains crash into us?
Then we die.
GAGE!
Sorry.
Its going to be fine.
Anyone without chains is going to steer clear of the smaller roads in this weather.
Dont worry.
She crossed arms and huffed.
You better be right.
Im always right.
If you remembered what kind of sandwich I like, Id think youd have remembered that detail.
I can only remember what actually happens.
I chuckled.
Ouch.
All right, if were doing this I want your eyes on the road.
Yes, maam.
And no distractions. She switched off the radio.
What if that was helping keep me awake? Besides, my biggest distraction was the one reprimanding me.
Was it?
No, but youll just have to keep me awake yourself. Id let her interpret the comment any way she wanted.
I can assure you, Im not letting you fall asleep.
Did you tell your parents we were leaving tonight?
No.
I didnt have time.
If I told them now theyd freak out.
Theyve already left a message about waiting until Thursday to drive.
Same with mine.
I guess well just surprise them tonight.
Mine are still going to freak.
Nah.
Theyll be happy to see you.
They just saw me last month.
Wait.
I thought you didnt go home for Thanksgiving. Id offered to give her a lift then too.
I didnt.
We met up at my Grandmothers in New York City.
I took the train.
Oh, ok. I should have known.
Her brother hadnt been home either.
We drove in silence for a while.
The farther west we went, the fewer sets of headlights we saw.
I knew it wasnt going to be an easy ride, but at least I had company.
Unbelievably distracting company.
* Chapter Five Mary Anne Chapter Five Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Five Mary Anne
Snow fell from the sky in sheets, blanketing the road and trees.
Gage drove slowly, and we seemed to have good traction, but it was impossible to relax.
For his part, Gage didnt seem bothered by the weather at all.
He just sat there staring straight ahead.
Guilt hit me.
He was the one forced to drive, yet I wouldnt even let him listen to music?
We can turn the radio on if you prefer.
Want me to see if there are any good rock stations out this way?
I dont mind the quiet. He glanced at me before quickly returning his eyes to the road.
I appreciate the ride.
I probably should have said that in the beginning. I hoped I wasnt coming off as completely over dramatic.
He laughed.
Its not a problem, but thanks for the thank you.
I dont mind the weather, but its nice to have some company.
I loved his laugh.
It was so deep and sexy.
What about Gage wasnt sexy?
Do you have any big plans while youre home?
Big plans?
In Mayville? He arched an eyebrow.
Ok.
True enough, but if theres anything going on youd know about it.
Joey is throwing a party tomorrow night.
Want to come?
Joey would have never invited me himself, which meant I shouldnt go.
Oh, thats okay.
You dont want to go with me? Sometimes it was hard to know whether Gage was teasing or not.
I dont want to be the uninvited guest people make fun of.
Make fun of?
Who would make fun of you?
Come on, Gage.
We both know what your friends thought of me.
What?
You werent in my crowd, but that doesnt mean they made fun of you.
Cam did. That guy had been the bane of my existence at one point.
Gage grinned.
Thats because Cam liked you.
He asked you out and you shot him down.
What?
To homecoming my sophomore year?
That was a joke.
A mean one.
A joke?
You thought that was a joke?
Of course.
A guy like him didnt ask a girl like me to dances. Nor did a guy like Gage.
It wasnt a joke.
You hurt his ego.
Oh. I wasnt sure if Gage was telling the truth or not, but I didnt care enough to push the subject.
I remembered crying myself to sleep the night Cam asked me out in front of about twenty kids.
You should come tomorrow night.
I promise I wont ditch you or anything.
Maybe. I shrugged.
Maybe means no. He looked over at me.
Say yes.
Gage!
He looked forward just in time to hit the brakes.
A second longer and we would have collided with the car in front of us.
In a delayed reaction Gage put his hand in front of me as if to hold me back.
Fuck. The car had no lights on and straddled the right lane and shoulder.
Agreed. Any lighthearted conversation was over.
This was no longer a leisurely drive.
We sat there waiting for the car to move, but it didnt.
Its broken down.
Thats why we didnt see any lights. Gage backed up and moved into the left lane to pass the stopped car.
I tried to peer into the dark windows, but I didnt see anything.
Okay, near accident over, can you just say yes to the party so we can move on?
Why do you care? His insistence had almost caused an accident.
Because I do.
We go to the same college.
Were from the same town.
We might as well be friends.
And being friends means going to Joeys party?
Yes. He smiled.
I wasnt sure if it was his plan, but returning to the party conversation helped calm my nerves.
Nearly rear-ending that abandoned car had done a number on them.
Were going to get off at the next exit.
Why?
I thought we didnt have to get off for another forty miles?
The turnpike isnt plowed, so theres no reason to stay on it and risk what just happened.
Were taking the back roads.
Are you sure you know where youre going?
He nodded.
Yeah, Ive driven this way before.
He didnt sound overly confident, but I couldnt argue with the evidence.
The snow was heavy on the turnpike, and there were likely plenty more abandoned cars up ahead.
Still, I didnt like the idea of getting stuck out on a back road somewhere.
At least I wasnt alone.
Gage put on his blinker and made a slow turn off onto the ramp.
The snow had drifted and half the lane was piled high with snow.
Im going to need a drink when we get home tonight.
Your parents let you drink at your house even though youre not twenty-one?
He nodded, thankfully keeping his eyes fixed straight ahead as he drove us carefully onto the highway.
Im twenty.
Thats close enough.
I wish mine felt that way.
See, thats another reason to come to the party tomorrow.
Otherwise youll have to go sober.
I dont drink much at school anyway.
What do you do?
Meaning?
You do party some, right? He adjusted his hands on the wheel.
Of course.
I was at a party last night. A lame one, but a party nonetheless.
I should introduce you to some of my friends when we get back to Boston.
Wow, first Joeys party and now this?
What is this pity the poor loser?
Loser?
Not exactly.
I just dont get why we never hang out with the same people.
Were not in high school anymore.
Yeah, but there are still different crowds.
Dont you think Id enjoy meeting your friends?
I laughed.
Oh yeah, youd love that.
What?
Ive seen you around campus.
You have friends.
Of course I have friends, but theyre not your type.
My type?
I have a type of friend?
Does that also mean I have a type of girl?
Of course. Not me.
Okay, let me hear it.
Your type? I asked.
Yeah, this should be interesting.
Attractive, cool. I paused while trying to come up with more adjectives.
Very descriptive.
You do realize that description covers you though.
What?
Was Gage calling me attractive?
Whatever. I tried to shrug it off.
You dont think youre cool?
You have to realize youre attractive.
I dont have to. Its not like I had horrible self-esteem, but I knew I was pretty average.
He glanced over.
I hope thats a joke.
Do you realize how many girls would give everything to look like you?
Like me?
Not likely.
Its more like every guy would want to look like you And Id just said that thought out loud.
Oh?
You think Im attractive then?
I sighed.
No reason to deny it now.
Who doesnt?
He chuckled.
And now the truth comes out.
The truth?
Yes.
The truth.
You got in this truck with plans to seduce me.
I laughed dryly.
Oh yeah, thats it. No, I only plotted that in my dreams.
The snow came down harder, and Gage sat forward to see out the windshield.
Man, this isnt good.
No.
No it isnt.
We drove down the empty two-lane highway for another forty-five minutes without seeing a single car.
Clearly no one else was crazy enough to be out in the storm.
Were obviously going north, but where are we exactly?
Close to Albany yet?
Were still a little ways off from there. He slowed down the truck.
Oh.
But were good.
At least we wont hit traffic.
Very funny.
I knew these chains would come in handy.
I almost took them out of the truck over Thanksgiving.
Its a good thing you didnt. I rested my head back.
Id offer to do some of the driving, but
Yeah, youre not driving my truck.
Would you have said that even if I hadnt brought up my accident?
Yes.
No one drives Bessy but me.
Bessy?
You named your truck Bessy? I crossed my legs and turned toward him.
Is there something wrong with that name?
No.
Its just surprising. Gage didnt seem like the type to name a vehicle.
I figured he was more concerned with the horsepower.
See, you dont know everything about me.
I dont know plenty about you.
I know almost nothing about you. He changed into fourth gear as we headed up the next hill.
Tell me about you.
What do you want to know?
Start with Something dark whizzed by the truck, and Gage hit the brakes hard.
We spun out, the truck flying across the snowy terrain and down into a ditch, not stopping until we slammed head first into a tree.
My heart was nearly beating out of my chest.
Are you okay? Gage reached over the already deflating airbags toward me.
Nothing hurt, but I was definitely shaken up.
I think so.
What about you? I looked out.
Between the darkness and the snow I couldnt make out how far we were from the road.
He turned on the light.
Yeah, but what was that?
It came out of nowhere.
I dont know.
Some sort of animal.
Im going to look. He opened his door, letting in a blast of cold air.
I peered out the window as he walked around.
Less than a minute he returned to the truck.
Theres nothing out there.
At least nothing you could see. I shivered.
Technically youre right, but we have bigger problems than an animal.
What?
He glanced out his window.
Its going to take some work to get the truck back on the road.
That is if the truck even starts.
I dont know what kind of damage we did.
Are we that far off the road?
Theres a layer of ice, and even with the chains its going to be tough.
The snow is getting crazy out there.
But we can still get out, right? The temperature was only going to drop.
Getting stranded could be dangerous.
Im not giving up yet. He tried the engine.
It sputtered and then did nothing.
I tried to stay calm.
It was the twenty first century.
You were never really off the grid.
Think anyone could come get us?
He shrugged.
Its worth trying.
I agree.
Emergency vehicles in this area are equipped for the snow. I pulled out my phone and noticed there were no bars.
Still I tried information, road side assistance, and even 911.
Nothing.
Let me try mine. He pressed some buttons on his phone before tossing it on the dash.
Fuck. Gage cursed more than I remembered, but then again Id never been with him during a situation like this before.
He tried the engine again.
Nothing.
Oh my god.
Were stuck here. He voiced the reality that was already swimming around me.
For real?
As in were here for the night?
Yes. His lips were pressed into a firm line.
I knew this was going to happen.
I should have listened to Genevieve.
I never should have agreed to this crazy plan.
Crazy plan?
We were fine until that animal ran in front of us.
We were moving slow but steady.
Even if it wasnt for the animal we would have gotten stuck anyway. I balled my hands into fists.
And now what?
Were stuck in the freaking boonies during the biggest snowstorm of the decade.
Looks that way. He put his hands behind his head.
Well get through the night.
I have a sleeping bag back there.
You think were sleeping in the back of your truck?
In one sleeping bag?
Its not any colder back there than here.
At least we can stretch out.
Its going to be freezing.
And I repeat.
In one sleeping bag?
What kind of stretching out do you expect to be doing? Spending time in a car with Gage was intense for me, but in a sleeping bag?
I couldnt imagine.
Do you have a better plan?
I dont exactly see any.
No. I held my head in my hands.
Well just have to find a way to stay warm.
Its going to be close to zero tonight.
Youre the genius, how are we going to do that?
Genius?
Not exactly.
Body heat is the best method, so the sleeping bag it is. The idea came to me and despite my usual nervousness with Gage I just went ahead and voiced it.
Body heat?
Yes. I touched the screen of my phone to keep it illuminated.
He smiled.
Considering the circumstances, that toothy smile said a lot.
I knew you wanted to get me naked.
I never said naked.
But isnt that how body heat works?
We cant stay dressed.
I dont think underwear is going to cause a problem. My body heated at the thought of being naked with Gage.
Do you want to move there now?
Its just going to get colder. He switched off the light on his phone.
Lets enjoy the residual heat thats up here right now. I wrapped my arms around myself.
I was terrified of our predicament, yet excited about the prospect of getting close to Gage.
My body and my mind were at war.
Most of me was terrified, but a small part was jumping up and down screaming.
I was about to get half naked and into a sleeping bag with Gage.
The combination of feelings was intense.
Do you think it was a deer?
The animal?
I dont know.
All I saw was a blur.
Im sorry. He shifted causing his jacket to make a rustling sound.
Dont be.
Its just as much my fault.
How do you figure?
I agreed to come.
I thought you were right, and we might beat the storm.
We almost did. He exhaled loudly.
Yeah.
Almost.
We stayed in the cab until the last bits of heat disappeared.
My hands got cold first.
Id packed my gloves in my suitcase.
He switched on his light again.
Let me go set stuff up first.
Theres no reason for us both to get colder than necessary.
Thats not fair.
Its my turn.
Save your body heat.
Im going to be using it. He got out and slammed the door behind him.
I was left in the darkness until I turned on the light on my phone.
I heard him moving around in the back, and I waited a minute before getting out to follow him.
My boots sunk into the snow as I made my way around back.
I kept my head down, trying to avoid the wind and snow that swirled around me.
He helped me up into the back and closed the tailgate.
Its not perfect, but its going to have to do.
He used his phone to illuminate the back.
Hed set the sleeping bag up on top of a blanket which was settled on top of a thick rubber mat that covered the truck bed.
He handed me the phone so he could barricade the tailgate with our bags.
The rest of the sides were already lined with the other random stuff he had in the back.
The camper shell kept out the wind and snow, but it couldnt stop the cold from seeping in.
Do I want to know why you have a sleeping bag back here? The bag seemed even smaller than I pictured, my nerves picked up.
You never know when youre going to need it. He hesitated with his hand on the zipper of his coat.
Are you serious about this body heat thing?
I think its the best option to stay warm tonight.
I have no problem with it. He unzipped his coat and kicked off his shoes.
I still held his phone, and the light was giving me a clear view of him.
I slowly unzipped my jacket as I watched him slide out of his jeans and pull off his shirt.
I thought my heart might stop.
Im glad youre enjoying the show, but dont forget youre supposed to be getting naked too.
Were not getting naked.
Ok, keep on your underwear, but body heat means stripping down. Dressed in only a pair of plaid boxers he slipped inside the sleeping bag.
He didnt shiver, giving me hope that the lining of the bag was warm.
Could you turn around? I still held his phone with the flashlight illuminated.
You watched me.
Fair is fair. He grinned wickedly.
And if you could go ahead and start the show now Id appreciate it.
I tossed him the phone and mustered all my confidence.
Id wanted Gage to notice me.
This certainly wasnt an ideal situation, but it was probably the only one I was going to get.
I tossed my coat aside and kicked off my boots.
I let out a deep breath before pulling off my sweater.
Take it all off, baby.
Shut up!
He laughed.
Sorry, couldnt resist.
I unzipped my jeans and took them off, quickly moving to slip into the sleeping bag.
Make room for me. He shut off the light while I struggled to find space in the sleeping bag.
Were going to be close. He adjusted himself so he had his arms wrapped around me.
Close was an understatement.
I was wrong about you.
What? I held onto him, enjoying the warmth of his body.
Youre more than attractive.
Oh. I smiled.
Thanks.
What about me?
Id already seen you without your shirt on. I had every inch of his chest memorized; down to the little grouping of freckles Id been dying to run my fingers over.
Oh?
You take it off to run and play sports. I was pretty good at randomly passing the playing fields at the right time.
So Im in a sleeping bag with my stalker?
Not a stalker. I adjusted my head on his chest.
Just a fan.
Are you a virgin?
What? Had I heard him right?
I assume you know what the word means.
Of course! I tried to move away, but that was impossible in the small space.
So are you?
Why does it matter? My heart was beating erratically.
Were we really having this conversation while almost naked?
I guess it doesnt, except Im wondering if you realize what youre doing to me right now.
What am I doing to you? I knew exactly what he meant.
The evidence of his arousal was pressed firmly against me.
You tell me.
But first answer my question.
Im not a virgin. Admittedly my experience was limited and nothing worth writing home about, but my answer was honest.
Good.
Why?
I dont want to corrupt you.
Youre not corrupting me.
Im not as innocent as you think.
Oh yeah? His voice was thick with curiosity.
Whens the last time you had sex?
Do vivid sex dreams count? Where was this boldness coming from?
Maybe knowing how turned on I was making him had something to do with it.
They dont count, but Im curious who theyre about. He tightened his arms around me.
Every single one of them is about the same guy.
Yeah? His breath was warm on my face.
Who is it?
You.
His heart beat faster in his chestI could feel every beat of it with us pressed so closely together.
You dream about me?
All the time.
And is it good?
The sex?
Yes. So good I never wanted to wake up from the dreams.
His body wasnt the only one responding.
His closeness was making it hard to think coherently.
How not innocent are you? I could hear the struggle in his voice.
Im not a virgin, I already told you that.
Yeah, but that doesnt mean youre cool with something happening right now.
Ive wanted you longer than Ill admit.
He groaned.
Youre killing me.
Have you ever thought about having me?
Yes.
I mean not all the time, but the thought has crossed my mind. His breath was warm on my face.
Its definitely on my mind right now.
Yeah, I figured that.
Yeah its hard to hide.
At this rate you might as well not have those boxers on.
Take them off me then.
Take them off? My voice wavered.
Yeah.
Youre going to have to make the move here, Mary Anne.
I need to know you really want this.
I want this. I reached down and grabbed him.
He was already poking out of his boxers, so it wasnt hard.
He groaned.
That feels so good.
Yeah? He was as big as I imagined, and I felt powerful holding him in my hand.
I was the one making him feel good, and it wasnt just a dream.
Do you want me to touch you? His voice came out breathless.
Of course. Hadnt I just admitted to having tons of sex dreams about him?
Where?
Are you purposely making this hard on me?
I told you, I need to know you want this.
Im not taking advantage of you. He was struggling.
He didnt want to take things slow.
I was going to have to move things along myself.
Fine. I attempted to unclasp my bra, but it took three tries and an elbow to Gages face to manage it.
I want you to touch my breasts.
Good, but the question remains, what you want me to touch them with?
I didnt hesitate with my answer.
Your mouth.
Within seconds he had my bra discarded and his mouth settled on one of my breasts.
He teased my nipple with his teeth, and I moaned.
He picked his head up just enough to talk.
Anything else I should touch them with?
Your hands. Like he needed me to tell him that?
Id been imagining just how good his large strong hands would feel like on me for years.
He cupped my other breast with his hand.
The combination of his mouth and hand had me unable to keep my eyes open.
Do you have a condom?
A condom?
Yes isnt that the most likely next step?
I have a few in my wallet.
Ok, Ill get your pants. I shifted.
Wait.
I took it out.
Its in the front.
Darn it. There went the evenings plans.
As much as I wanted Gage, I wasnt having unprotected sex.
Are you on the pill?
Nuh uh.
Dont go there.
No sex without a condom.
The chance of getting pregnant is really low if
Yeah, this isnt just about pregnancy.
I didnt need to ask about your virginity.
Ive always used protection before.
Do you want to have sex with me, Gage?
Yes! he practically screamed.
Do you want me bad enough to walk around and get your wallet?
He started moving out of the sleeping bag.
Yes.
He pushed away the suitcases, and when he opened the tailgate he let in a sharp gust of wind and snow.
I was so hot that the cold gust didnt bother me.
I waited nervously for him to return.
I slipped off my underwear and carefully placed them with the rest of my clothes.
He got back in the truck and closed the tail gate again.
Youre going to have to warm me up. He tossed his boxers as I held open the bag for him.
His naked body was ice cold as he slipped in next to me.
Is this a bad time to tell you that I changed my mind?
What? He went still.
Thats a joke.
Oh, thank god. His mouth closed on my breast again.
Youd know that if you moved your hand down.
I didnt need to tell him twice.
His hand was between my legs in seconds.
He lifted his lips from me.
Youre so wet.
I did tell you I have constant sex dreams about you.
The fact that Im excited shouldnt come as a surprise.
He laughed.
Everything about you tonight is coming as a surprise.
I opened up to him as I took him in my hand again.
He fondled my breast while his lips attacked my neck.
I moaned, overwhelmed by the sensations.
I want you so bad.
Not as much as I want you. He fumbled with the condom in the dark, finally unwrapping it and putting it on.
You promise you really want this?
Yes, I replied urgently.
And stop asking.
I want you, and I want you now.
Good. He thrust into me, and I gasped.
He moved slowly at first, but he gradually sped up.
Suddenly he stopped.
Is this what it was like in your dreams?
Kind of.
Oh?
What was different?
You always do it harder in my dreams.
Why didnt you say so? He thrust harder and deeper until I could barely contain myself.
It had been long enough that it hurt a little, but adrenalin, mixed with fear and excitement set me on fire.
You feel so good. He continued his fast and deep movements until he pushed me over the edge.
He shuddered and remained on top of me.
Fuck, how did I not try that sooner?
I could barely catch my breath.
Uh, thanks, I think?
He didnt make a motion to move, but I didnt mind.
I liked the feeling of his body on top of mine.
Are you still cold?
I laughed.
Not at all.
Good.
I have four more condoms, so that should get us through the night.
You had five condoms in your wallet? I guess the player reputation was an earned one.
Yeah, I like to be prepared.
I clenched my eyes shut.
And I become another notch on your belt.
Perfect.
He still remained on top of me.
Inside me.
Youre not a notch.
We have a date planned for tomorrow night.
Oh yeah.
Still think were going to make it?
Well get back there.
I mean well have to when we run out of condoms.
He pulled out, and I found myself missing the sensation.
He seemed to sense how I felt.
Dont worry.
Ill be back very soon.
How are you so confident?
How do you even know I want you again?
Are you going to pretend you dont?
I sighed.
No.
Are you tired?
Are you kidding?
After that?
Good.
Then I know the perfect way to keep us warm.
* Chapter Six Gage Chapter Six Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Six Gage
Tell me about your dreams.
I want details. I was already hard again, but I needed to give her a break.
I still couldnt quite believe what had happened, but I knew I wasnt dreaming.
After hours of resisting her in the truck, I had her nearly naked body pressed against mine.
I lost all will power when I figured out she wanted me just as badly.
Im not telling you that stuff.
I brushed my lips over the sensitive skin of her neck.
Nuh uh, you cant get shy now.
Its not being shy.
Those dreams are private.
Private?
Whats more private than having sex?
Sharing your dirty dreams cant be more private than that.
Theyre not dirty. She attempted to roll away from me, but considering we were in a sleeping bag, she couldnt get far.
So they were clean sex dreams?
Just drop it. She buried her face in the side of the sleeping bag.
Hey.
Are you okay? Fuck.
Was she upset?
Im fine.
She didnt sound fine.
I thought you wanted that.
You said you wanted it.
I did.
Just drop it.
Ill drop the dreams, but Im not dropping what happened considering were still naked in a sleeping bag together.
I feel stupid.
Stupid?
Are we back to you agreeing to leave during the storm?
Outside the wind howled, reminding me just how dumb Id been.
Putting myself in danger was one thing, but Mary Anne was another story.
I already cared about her, but now it was different.
We were involved on a whole new level.
No.
For caring.
For having those dreams.
Why?
Was it a letdown or something? Id never had complaints before, but maybe I hadnt lived up to her expectations.
Shed blown mine out of the water.
No. She rested her head on my chest again.
It was good.
Just good? I ran a hand through her hair.
How was it for you?
Fantastic.
Id always heard the quiet girls were the best in bed.
Quiet?
Do you really think I qualify as a quiet one?
Ok, not quiet, but bookish.
And those are the same?
I let out a silent sigh of relief.
I had us back on normal ground.
I didnt know everything about girls, but I knew enough to realize she was embarrassed.
She had absolutely no reason to be, and I had to make sure she knew that.
Close enough.
I cant believe youre ready again.
I laughed.
I cant really hide it right now.
Too tight of a space I suppose.
Despite our precarious situation, I dont mind the tight spaceor the position.
If we make it out of this alive you can reflect back on your crazy lapse of judgment when you had sex with me.
Lapse of judgment? I took her face in my hands.
It was too dark to see much, but I needed her to look at me anyway.
Stop.
Im glad this happened.
I want it to happen again, and not just out here.
Im not signing up as your fuck buddy, Gage.
Fuck buddy?
Who says that?
People.
I ran my thumb over her lower lip.
I have no intentions of using you if thats what youre afraid of.
Then what are your intentions?
I dont know, I answered honestly.
What were they?
I couldnt just pretend it never happened.
First, I wasnt leaving it at one night.
And aside from that, it was Mary Anne.
Id know her for years.
Our parents lived two blocks away from each other, and I still saw her brother over breaks and the summer.
She wasnt going anywhere.
Maybe wed figure it out.
I wasnt looking for a relationship, but we could have fun.
Maybe a little bit of time together would help her unwind.
So why was I promising she wasnt going to be a friend with benefits, or fuck buddy, as she called it?
My rock hard dick probably had something to do with that promise.
At least thats what I told myself.
I preferred that excuse to one that involved my own feelings.
I had to protect her, but protecting her couldnt involve cutting myself off.
At least not yet.
What are you thinking about? She pulled me from my guilty thoughts.
You.
Come on.
Its true.
And did those thoughts have to do with the body part pressed against me right now?
The body part?
Come on Mary Anne, you can say the word. I could picture her blushing.
Damn, that just turned me on more.
Of course I can say the word penis.
You make it sound so clinical.
Youre not talking about mine specifically.
What is this?
You keep pushing me and pushing me.
I put out, isnt that enough?
Put out?
Now youre making me feel bad. I wished I could see her face.
If it werent so damn cold Id get out of this sleeping bag and get dressed.
And what would you do with that then? She took me in her hand.
I groaned.
I hope you know what youre doing.
Didnt I already prove that?
Yes. I closed my eyes reveling in the feel of her hand.
What was I worrying about?
What was that? She let go of me.
I felt the absence of her hand immediately.
Whats wrong?
That noise.
It was like a howl. She shivered, and I knew it wasnt from the cold.
A howl? I held her tighter.
Like a wolf?
She didnt need to answer, a loud howl filled the silent night.
It sounds close. Her whole body shuddered.
Do you think it can get in here?
No.
The truck is solid.
The biggest risk tonight is still the cold.
Id be flipping out if you werent here. Her body relaxed slightly.
Thats hard for you to admit isnt it?
You like feeling independent.
Would you rather be alone?
Of course not.
And just to be frank, theres no one else Id rather be stranded with in the middle of nowhere during a blizzard.
She laughed this sing-song laugh of hers.
We lay there quietly, and I rubbed her back trying to help her relax.
Mary Anne tried to act so tough, but she was human.
She was terrified.
I was probably a horrible person for taking advantage of the situation, but Id make up for it.
Id make sure she understood she was more than a notch, but first I had to make sure she got some rest.
We were focused on the night, but I knew the morning wouldnt necessarily bring us any easy solutions.
The storm continued to rage on, and wed be lucky if a car came by in the next twenty-four hours, let alone one that saw us off in the ditch.
I pushed away those fears and focused on taking care of the frightened girl in my arms.
She was relying on me, and there was no way I was going to let her down again.
***
A few rays of sunlight filtered in through the camper windows that were mostly covered in snow.
I blinked a few times, quickly remembering where I wasand who I was with.
Mary Annes breathing was even, and I knew she was still sleeping.
At least shed been relaxed enough to sleep.
She looked so innocent, so peaceful, so fragile.
Maybe she wasnt fragile, but she was vulnerable.
Shed put herself in my hands, and Id done what only an asshole would do.
Any rationales I was able to muster the night before were gone.
I had no excuse.
Id wanted her, and Id taken her.
The worst part is I wanted her again, and I was going to have her.
One taste wasnt enough.
But I couldnt have more yet.
I didnt deserve more until I got us the hell out of the woods and headed home.
She stirred in my arms, moaning softly.
Morning, beautiful.
She opened her eyes slowly.
Gage?
Howd you sleep?
She rubbed her eyes.
Am I dreaming again?
Not unless your dreams involve being stranded in the snow.
But we are both naked if that helps.
She ran her hands over her as if to prove I was telling the truth about the clothes.
She touched me in the process, immediately bringing memories of unfinished business back to me.
I wish it were a dream. She sighed.
Uh, why? I really hoped she was feeling that way about being stranded in the snow, and not about what had happened between us.
Because then I could just have sex with you again without worrying about the rest of the mess were in.
No one said we couldnt have sex again I teased.
I did. She sighed again.
I suppose we should get dressed for the day.
For the day?
Are you planning to get naked again with me tonight? I grinned.
Not that Id mind that, but I was kind of hoping wed be in a bed tonight.
Hopefully we wont still be here, but do you think the roads are going to get cleared today? She sat up slightly, kneeing me in the process.
Ouch.
Sorry. She looked out the small portion of the camper window that wasnt fully blanketed in snow.
It looks like its only flurrying right now.
She exposed her top half when she sat up, and I wasnt sure what was hotter.
Her perfect little breasts, or the way the light fell on her back.
Her back was so long and lean.
She noticed me staring and covered herself with her arms.
Hand me my bra and sweater please.
What if I dont want to?
Gage, its freezing.
Then let me warm you up again first. My plans to hold off were gone.
Two pink nipples and a beautiful back had done away with any restraint.
She lay back down on top of me.
It was the easiest way for her to get back in the sleeping bag, but it was my undoing.
Her breasts pressed against me, and she lined herself up to me perfectly.
We have to be strategic.
We should start by assessing the damage.
Maybe we can get the truck to start.
Mm hmm. I tried to listen, I really did, but without my permission my fingers found her nipple.
Gage.
Yes?
Pay attention.
Im listening. I squeezed her nipple lightly.
Somehow I doubt youre listening if youre fondling me.
I already told you I can do two things at once. I decided to prove my point.
I continued my work on her breast while my hand slid down between her thighs.
Gage.
Yes?
I cant discuss our rescue plan with you She moaned.
What was that you were saying?
Gage.
Please.
Please what?
Stop distracting me. Her body and mouth were saying completely different things.
She opened her legs up as wide as she could within the confines of the sleeping bag.
Feel free to keep discussing the plan.
Hmm? She said absently.
Watching her writher in my arms in pleasure may have been my new favorite thing.
She was so damn responsive, and so wet.
Gage.
Where were we with that plan?
Were going to try to start the truck again?
Yes.
And then if it starts we can try to dig out.
Okay. I kissed her neck.
If not we need to try to figure out She moaned lightly.
Figure out where we are.
Of course. I bit down on her neck lightly.
Gage?
Yes? I moved my mouth over to her breast.
We cant have sex again now.
Are you warmer now?
Hot.
Are you sure you dont want to be even hotter? I was pleading, I knew I was, but what was I supposed to do?
How much could a man take?
If, and Im saying if, we have sex again, will you concentrate and help me come up with a plan? She rolled over, the effect had her ass pushing into me.
Absolutely. I kissed her back.
Do you really have more condoms?
Three more.
You wont be using the last two.
But I can use one more?
Yes.
I was a lucky man.
A twisted, and horrible one, but I was lucky.
Want to stay where you are?
Yes.
Perfect. I moved on top of her knowing I was really going to enjoy this view of her back.
* Chapter Seven Mary Anne Chapter Seven Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Seven Mary Anne
I got dressed before the warmth could wear off.
The sex had been even hotter in the morning.
Maybe it was the position, or the fact that hed managed to turn me on while I was plotting, either way it left me dizzy and certain I was going to be miserable when we finally got back to the real world.
Youre amazing, Mary Anne.
Get that grin off your face. I zipped up my coat.
You promised youd help.
And I will, but Im allowed to tell you how incredible that was. He leaned back on his arms.
You said it.
Say it too.
I know you agree.
Do you really have that many doubts about your sexual prowess? I couldnt imagine Gage had any concerns in that department.
Hed more than lived up to my expectations, and my expectations were high.
No, but I want to make sure Im satisfying you. His eyes roamed up and down my body, and even though I was dressed, I knew he was picturing me naked.
Im satisfied, but you know what would satisfy me more?
What? His eyes got hungry.
Getting home. I was already craving a hot shower.
He laughed.
I get the hint. He got out of the sleeping bag and started dressing.
My stomach rumbled loudly.
Breakfast time.
Do you have any food with you?
I grabbed a few things from the vending machine, but well have to ration.
Lets see it.
Its up front. I zipped up my boots.
They were the kind made more for fashion rather than actual usefulness, but at least they were warm.
Gage pushed our bags aside and opened the back.
I rolled my tongue around trying to get that gross morning taste out of my mouth.
Unpacking my toothbrush seemed silly considering the bigger problems we had, so I fought the urge and accepted Gages hand when he went to help me down from the truck.
As I jumped, he moved his hands to my waist, so when my feet met the cold hard snow, he was holding me in his arms.
The snow had momentarily stopped, so I didnt bother with my hood.
He didnt release me for a moment, he just studied my face.
Finally I had to break the silence that set in.
See anything you like?
Yes. He kissed my forehead in a surprisingly affectionate gesture and took my hand.
But I figure I cant just look at you all day.
I bit back a smile and looked around.
Thats a lot of snow.
Although the active snow fall had stopped, the snow on the ground was heavy and had blown around into drifts.
Essentially the truck was in what looked and felt like a mountain of snow.
You dont happen to have a shovel back there, do you?
No. He looked at the front of the truck.
Want to walk to the front of the cab or should I carry you?
I can manage. Despite everything that had happened between us, I refused to look dependent on him.
Ok, just be careful, and I think you should go through my side.
Lead the way.
Gage carefully walked through the snow to the front of the truck.
I followed, wincing as I sunk into the snow up to my knees.
Frozen over. He pounded on the door to break through some of the ice and frozen snow.
Wonderful.
You wouldnt happen to have a scraper?
Its in the cab.
Of course. I shivered as another big gust of wind came through.
I pulled on my hood.
My ears were freezing and probably bright red.
I searched the snow for a rock or a stick to help us break through the frozen door handle.
After my hands had turned red, I finally returned to the back of the truck for my gloves.
They werent waterproof, but theyd at least offer some protection.
Walking back was easier because I stepped in my sunken foot prints.
I slipped on my leather gloves.
Id picked them out because you could still drive with them on.
That wasnt going to do me any good at the moment.
By the time I returned to the front of the truck Gage was already wrenching the door open.
I hopped in first, carefully stepping over the center console to the passenger seat.
The cab was cold, but it at least broke the wind.
Gage took his seat and tried to start the engine.
It sputtered.
Im going to take a look under the hood again.
I put a hand on his arm to stop him.
It felt so much more natural now to touch him.
Dont bother.
Even if we can get the car to start, its not like we can get it over these drifts.
We can get some warmth out of it though.
I thought about it.
The tank had been over half full, and it would be helpful to have some time to warm up.
All right, lets check the food supply first.
I opened my bag.
Ive got M&Ms, peanut butter cups, and two frozen Cokes.
Frozen? He pulled one from my bag and lightly shook the bottle.
Id probably call it slushy.
Which candy do you want?
The M&Ms, I dont like peanut butter.
Then why do you have it? He took the peanut butter cups from me.
Add it to the stalker list.
You mean the good memory list. He unwrapped the candy.
Im done pretending. The candy was hard and cold, but at least it was something.
I tried to savor each bite, wishing Id spent the extra fifty cents on the king sized version.
Gage twisted the top on the coke.
I guess this counts as our morning coffee.
I guess so. I tried to get some of the frozen slush out.
I crumpled up my candy wrapper and put it in one of the cup holder spots before putting the soda bottle on top of it.
I wanted to at least try to keep his truck clean.
Do you think youre ready to try to get over the drift and check the road?
I dont see any other choice.
Afterward we can try the engine again. I figured we should save it until we really needed it; that is if it even worked.
Im going to have to get out your side again.
Come on over. He held open his arms.
Yeah, you get down first.
You know you want to sit on my lap.
As much as I appreciate that you still have your sense of humor, we need to stay serious.
I have to try.
I put on a coat of chapstick, at least my lips would be comfortable.
I know.
Gage put his hands around my waist and helped me down again.
The motion was more natural this time.
Thanks.
Any time.
I looked at the thick snow.
I think the drift is slightly lower over there. I pointed at a spot behind the truck.
Agreed. Gage took my hand firmly in his, and we clomped through the snow to reach it.
What if I boosted you up there?
Or I could toss you.
Want me to do that?
Thats what we do with the dogs back home.
Are you seriously going to compare me to your dogs?
Im not comparing, Im simply stating it might be easier than either of us exerting the effort to climb.
Its going to take a while to dig this out, and for all we know our cell phones will work up on the road.
Okay.
Do it.
He put his hands on my waist again.
Try to land on your feet.
Gee, thanks.
I knew Gage was strong, but I was still surprised to find myself catapulted up on top of the drift.
The snow started to collapse under me so I crawled further toward the road.
The cold snow seeped through my jeans.
You okay? Gage called up.
Wet, but fine.
Wet again already?
Shut up Gage!
He laughed.
Just keeping it light.
Im going to take a look at the truck again.
Im not giving up on Bessy quite yet.
If it werent for the tree line, it would have been impossible to tell where the road started.
Everything was coated with heavy snow, and the snow drifts were crazy.
But it wasnt the snow that made everything seem so otherworldly, it was the silence.
Aside from the sound of Gage struggling with the truck, I heard nothing.
I took out my cell.
No service.
The emergency numbers still werent working either.
I switched to roaming, but nothing.
I tried my Wi Fi and texting just to be sure, but nothing for either.
No service. I called down.
Wonderful.
Theres absolutely no one up here.
What did you expect?
Traffic?
I rolled my eyes.
Want to start walking?
Well have to hit a town eventually.
The snow was lighter on the road, but nothing about the walk would be easy.
But its going to be hours.
Its freezing out.
We have no shelter and look at those clouds. I pointed up even though I knew he probably wasnt even looking.
Its going to start snowing heavier again.
Exactly.
Im going to mess with the engine.
What should I do?
For now, jump back down.
I want to be able to see you.
Worried Im going to run off?
Do I need to bring up the wolves again?
Just the mention of the wolves had me ready to leap.
Im jumping!
Hold on.
I waited until I saw him directly beneath me before jumping down.
He easily caught me and set me on the ground.
Your face is all red. He touched my nose with his gloved hand.
It is cold out.
You can wait in the truck if you want.
At least youll be out of the wind.
Thats ok. Ill wait with you.
I pride myself on having a substantial knowledge base, but I knew nothing about cars.
I wasnt going to be much help to Gage, but I stood by and watched.
Can you get in the drivers side and try to start it?
Sure. I yanked open the door and got in.
I tried to start the engine when he told me to.
Nothing.
I opened the door and got out.
What do we do?
We have two options.
One we stay here another night, two we start walking.
Youre always supposed to stay with the car.
Thats one of the first survival lessons. I couldnt remember where Id seen or read it, but I was positive I had.
Theres no way anyone is going to be driving through here for days. He crossed his arms.
Do you have anything else to eat?
I doubt that candy is going to last us another twenty-four hours.
No. He had a point.
Maybe we should leave the car then.
I dont like the idea, but being cold is one thing, being cold and starving is another.
Maybe well get lucky and well get service a little ways down the road.
Maybe.
Wait.
What?
I think I have something. I walked back to the tailgate and pulled it open.
I opened my suitcase and pulled out the wrapped present Id picked up for my father.
Taffy? Gage peered in to the box filled with pastel colored candies.
Yeah.
From Ackensons.
My dad loved the place when he was in college.
He wrinkled up his nose.
I hate those.
Well, its better than nothing, right?
Yes.
I cant believe you forgot you had these.
Me either.
I had no other ideas for a gift.
Which kind do you think is best?
I tend to go for anything in the red family.
I just like those flavors better.
He reached for a blue one.
I just told you the red and pinks are the best.
He unwrapped his piece.
Exactly.
I might as well save you the ones you like best.
I smiled.
Despite everything, Gage was concerned that I got the kind of candy I wanted.
Maybe things werent all that bad.
I wasnt thinking the same thing hours later when the last of the taffy was gone.
We resorted to drinking some ancient bottles of Gatorade he found in the back of the truck to stay hydrated, and I was reminded of why I hated camping, having to pee in the woods.
Despite the lack of food and restrooms, we decided to stay another night to wait out the storm.
My prediction was right, another round of heavy snow greeted us during the afternoon.
By the time the sun had set Id decided that I didnt need to see another flake of snow for the rest of my life.
***
Getting into the sleeping bag with Gage the second night was a whole different experience.
Our intimacy the night before had changed things, and we both knew exactly what was going to happen.
Ive been waiting all day for this. Gage ran his hand down my back.
To enjoy my body heat?
To enjoy your body.
Who said you get to enjoy my body? I teased.
I did. He left tiny kisses on my neck.
You cant actually expect me to keep my hands to myself tonight.
Its not your hands Im worried about. I shifted to make room for the growing bulge currently pressed against me.
He hadnt bothered to leave his underwear on this time.
Much to his chagrin, I had.
I was still trying to convince myself that more sex wasnt inevitable.
Oh, I didnt realize you were worried about anything
Nope, being stranded in the middle of nowhere in near freezing weather doesnt worry me.
I can take your mind off that. He unclasped my bra and slid it off me.
So much for keeping some clothes on this time.
I guess Im lucky you only have two condoms left.
I can only imagine what would happen if you had a box.
Dont you mean youre unlucky? He ran his tongue over my nipple, breaking down any resistance I might have had.
I closed my eyes, trying to pretend we werent in the middle of nowhere.
A loud howl brought me back to earth, and I tried to pull away from him.
Stop!
What?
The wolf is back.
Another howl followed.
Gage shifted beside me.
And he brought a friend.
We have to leave tomorrow morning.
Hopefully the snow finally stops. The last howl had seemed even closer.
Agreed, but that doesnt mean we shouldnt distract ourselves tonight.
Yes it does. How was he being so carefree?
There were wolves outside.
Why? His hand cupped my breast.
Because theyre wolves.
We dont want to set them off.
Set them off?
What?
Do you think theyll smell us?
Maybe.
No reason to give them more.
You actually think theyre going to smell my semen or something?
Semen, sweat, and they will hear our noises.
Were not having sex.
He groaned.
Seriously?
Yes.
The wolves howled again, and I grabbed hold of Gage.
I just want to go home.
Me too, Mary Anne.
Me too.
We barely slept that night.
Between the howling wolves, and the reality that we were going to have to set off on foot the next day, we were both nervous.
Hopefully the weather would clear up enough that someone would come by on the road.
Gage brought my bag over so I could get dressed without getting out of the sleeping bag the next morning.
Considering how cold the truck bed was, I definitely appreciated the thoughtfulness.
I layered on some extra clothes.
I knew it wasnt going to get much warmer.
There was no breakfast this time, and even our slushy Cokes sounded good.
Not that we questioned it, but there were definitely wolves here.
Fresh paw prints littered the area around the truck.
Gage bent down to look at the prints.
They must be some massive wolves, look at the size of those tracks.
I shivered.
I really hoped they only came out at night.
We filled Gages backpack with the essentials from our bags and locked the truck.
For the hundredth time I was thankful he was with meeven if he was the reason we were in this mess to begin with.
Left alone, I probably would have been huddled in the car crying.
Gage helped push me up the embankment again before following me up.
The snow had tapered off again, and the sky was clear, but the temperature was still below freezing, so the snow on the ground wasnt going anywhere.
It wasnt quite as deep as it was around the truck, but it was still going to be tough to walk through.
The hours passed painfully slow.
My feet were frozen, and I was cursing myself for buying the cute boots instead of ones that were actually waterproof.
My socks were soaked through, as were my jeans.
I didnt think I was entering frost bite territory yet, but I was afraid I was getting close.
At least Id found a hat and scarf to help with the wind.
Gage stayed right next to me, and I realized he was trying to block the wind.
I never imagined hed be so protective.
Finally he broke the silence.
Maybe we should have stayed with the truck.
My arm brushed against his as I tried to stay close.
We had no food.
Im packing a weeks worth of food next time I drive anywhere outside the city.
A week?
I might try a month. My stomach growled loudly.
He put an arm around me.
Were going to get out of this all right.
I know.
And well have an interesting story to tell.
A great story if we include the sex. He grinned.
Gage. I blushed, although my face was probably already so red from the cold that he wouldnt have noticed.
Sorry, couldnt resist.
That has been quite the highlight though.
You are so sex obsessed.
Youd probably be ready to go right here. Joking about sex made the situation seem less intense.
He laughed.
Believe it or not, I couldnt.
Its too cold.
Yes, it is.
It took us until late afternoon to go a few miles down the road.
The snow was deep and cold, and with our hunger thrown in, we werent going very fast.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw something in the forest off in the distance.
Is that smoke?
Gage blinked.
Maybe?
You are always supposed to stay on the road, but what if thats our only chance for help? I gestured toward the woods.
If it were just me Id head that way in a heartbeat, but we have no idea whos there.
On the other hand, we may freeze to death out here.
We stay together.
Thats the biggest rule here.
Of course. He tightened his arm around my waist.
I let out a deep breath before I took a step off the road and into the woods.
I really hope this isnt a bad decision. I was overcome by an ominous feeling, like there was no going back.
It may be nothing.
Or it may be a cabin.
We need shelter, we need a phone, and we need food.
Please dont let us get murdered. All of the crazy horror movies my brother had forced me to watch ended that way.
Ill try not to. He squeezed my hand, and I realized just how much I appreciated his sense of humor.
The situation was awful no matter how you looked at it, but at least Gage kept me from completely losing it.
The snow was only slightly deeper in the woods, but it felt twice as difficult to walk through given the uneven ground.
Every step we took away from the road felt monumental, and if Gage wasnt holding my hand I might have turned back.
I didnt particularly enjoy being out in the cold, but walking into the wilderness toward a cabin or house, that may or may not be friendly, was something altogether different.
Did you hear something? Gage asked about twenty minutes later.
I strained to hear.
No, but Ill try to listen more closely.
I was too busy thinking about how my parents are probably flipping out right now. My father was probably on the phone with the Dean and the Boston Police Department.
When Id forgotten to answer a call one night hed contacted campus police.
And that wasnt during a massive blizzard.
Id guess they are.
Theyre going to kill me.
If they kill you it means we survived, so thats a good thing.
He brushed his shoulder against mine.
Wow, you made another joke.
Believe it or not I do know how.
If you say so.
The sound of crunching snow had my heart racing a mile a minute.
Gages hand tightened around mine.
Shh, stay quiet for a second.
I nodded, trying to stay calm.
After a moment I leaned in close to whisper.
Do you think its a person?
Maybe, but it could be an animal.
My thoughts went immediately to the giant wolf prints.
I looked up at the sky.
The sun was already on its way down.
It would be dark soon.
We stood there motionless, neither of us sure what to do next.
The crunching had stopped right when we did.
Someone was watching us.
Lets head back to the road.
Yeah, I think thats a good idea. We turned back around toward the road.
I glanced over my shoulder as we continued our walk, but all I saw was endless mounds of white snow.
* Chapter Eight Gage Chapter Eight Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Eight Gage
Once again Id made a bad decision.
Following the smoke had seemed like a good option, but as we hightailed it back toward the road, I knew it wasnt.
Someone, or something, was watching us.
I was positive of it.
I tried to stay calm for Mary Annes sake, but I had no plan B.
We were hours from the truck, and although the next town had to have been closer than that, wed never make it by night fall.
For the first time since we careened off the road I was scared.
We were in trouble, and for once in my life I had no idea how to get myself out of it.
The road was nearly in sight when I heard the crunching snow again.
I spun around, pulling Mary Anne behind me.
Well, well, well.
What do we have here? A man dressed in jeans and a dark green fleece glared at us.
He had a thick coat of stubble on his face, and his eyes were slightly red like he hadnt been sleeping.
I looked him right in the eye.
If this guy wasnt friendly, I didnt want him to think we were easy prey.
Hi, Im sorry if were trespassing on your land or something.
We were just looking for a phone.
A phone? He eyed me skeptically, as he tried to peek around me at Mary Anne.
I continued to block her.
Yes.
Were trying to get someone to pull out our truck. I didnt want to tell this guy we were stranded, but whether he meant us harm or not, we were going to freeze to death if we didnt find shelter soon.
Wheres your truck? He gazed at the tree line.
No truck has come through here since the storm picked up.
Its a few hours walk from here.
Do you happen to know how far the nearest town is?
Do you talk? He stepped closer, and I knew he was trying to get a glimpse of Mary Anne.
She had her hood on, but it didnt hide her face or size.
There was no question she was a girl.
She said nothing, and I had a feeling she was too frightened to talk.
The man stepped closer.
Well, do you?
Yes, she said in a surprisingly confident voice.
Are you all right? His posture changed from angry to concerned.
Leave it to a female to melt a guy that easily.
Cold and hungry, but fine.
Wed really appreciate it if we could use your phone.
I dont have a phone.
Oh. She looked at me to get my read.
Do you know where we could find one?
You need to come with me.
Excuse me? No one was telling us what to do.
I didnt trust this mountain man.
The girl is freezing.
She needs shelter.
The crunching of more snow announced the arrival of someone else.
I tightened my hold on Mary Anne.
I see you found the intruders, A male voice asked from behind us.
Were not intruders.
Were stranded. Mary Anne replied before I could say anything.
Hello there. The man, who couldnt have been over twenty-five or so, smiled revealing two rows of white teeth.
He wore a short sleeve red t-shirt.
He had to have been freezing.
Like the first man, he was also in need of a shave.
I probably was too.
Hi. Mary Anne leaned into my side.
I wished I could do something.
The situation was going from bad to worse.
This guy was looking at her like he hadnt seen a girl in years.
Maybe he hadnt.
So were going to be going.
Im sorry we were on your land. I tugged on Mary Annes arm.
Going? The second guy asked.
Where would you be going?
You already admitted youre stranded.
Well figure something out.
He shrugged.
If youd like to stay out here, thats fine.
Okay, good. I turned.
Anything seemed better than being with these guys.
Wait.
I said _you_ could.
I never said anything about the girl. His eyes zeroed in on her.
Shes with me. There was no way I was letting these guys touch her.
Im afraid I cant with a good conscious leave a girl out here in the cold.
If you want to freeze to death, thats your choice.
Shell be coming with us.
Mary Anne looked at me through petrified eyes.
I pulled her closer.
She doesnt go anywhere without me.
Its your choice.
Shell be well taken care of.
She shuddered.
Id gone from annoyed to angry, but I didnt want to make things worse.
I couldnt take on both guys, and they were right.
Wed freeze to death outside.
It would all be okay if we remained together.
She stays with me.
Lets get moving then.
She needs to get out of the cold. The second man reached for her arm, but I pulled her further into my side.
Both men laughed.
A little protective are you?
No one touches her. I was careful to avoid using her name.
There was no reason to give them more information.
Are you two a couple? The first man asked.
Yes, I answered automatically.
She smiled.
Despite everything, it felt good to say that, and I could tell it made her happy.
Lucky man, the one in the t-shirt mumbled.
I know. I tried to relax.
Maybe Id misread their early stance.
Maybe they were just concerned about a young woman out in the snow.
If these guys were the country bumpkin type they probably had very traditional notions about women.
If we just played along with them wed be fine.
Theyd want to get her home to her parents.
Would you like me to carry you? The second man asked her.
You must be exhausted.
No, I can walk. She sounded distant.
Im sure the hunger, cold, and fear were wearing on her.
You look like you might fall over.
If anyone carries her, its going to be me. I needed to make sure they both understood how things were going to work.
The guy in the fleece shook his head.
You dont look so good yourself.
They were probably right.
I was exhausted, but that didnt mean I was going to let some strange brute pick her up.
She touched my arm reassuringly.
Im fine.
Youve been walking just as long as I have.
Yeah, but he has better boots on.
Why are you wearing those things? He pointed at her pink winter boots.
They look cute and are warm when theyre dry.
So why would you wear them in the snow? He pressed.
I wasnt planning on walking around in them outside. Her teeth chattered.
We were supposed to be going for a four hour drive.
I see.
Well Im glad we found you.
Who knows what would have happened to you otherwise? The men exchanged a strange look.
We appreciate the help. Mary Anne clasped her hands together in front of her.
We can compensate you for any expense.
Damn.
Was she trying to make us even more of a target?
The men exchanged another glance.
We dont need your money.
I changed the subject.
How much further is your?
Well, you actually never told us where we were going.
Our homestead isnt far. The first man looked off into the distance.
Homestead?
That was an interesting choice of words.
We continued making our way through the deep snow.
I kept my arm tightly wrapped around Mary Anne.
Thankfully the men had stopped staring at her.
The wind picked up, blowing snow all around us.
I wasnt sure how much more we were going to be able to take, when we emerged from the woods into a clearing, and a large cabin came into view.
The second man looked over his shoulder at her.
If I wasnt imagining things he licked his lips.
I tightened my hold yet again.
Mary Anne looked hopeful.
I hoped we were walking into safety and not a trap.
We walked further into the clearing that housed several small homes and one large cabin.
The men headed to the large cabin, the one with smoke coming from the chimney.
The door opened before we reached the step.
You found them then? A tall man with a faint scar running down the side of his face stood in the door way.
He looked to be around the age of the othersmid-twenties or so.
Yeah, its just some kids.
Their truck got stuck a few miles south.
Kids? The man with the scar looked around me.
He noticed Mary Anne and his expression softened.
Come in, you must be freezing.
He reached out for her hand, completely ignoring me.
I was so busy watching the mans interaction with Mary Anne that I wasnt prepared when the first two guys started frisking me.
What the hell?
We have to make sure you dont have weapons.
I nearly said you dont think she has any? but I stopped myself in time.
The last thing I wanted was for anyone to touch Mary Anne that way.
They led us inside before closing and locking the door behind us.
We walked into what had to have been a hunting lodge of some sort.
The walls were completely paneled in wood, and the sparse furnishings were definitely for functionality and not aesthetics.
Are you all right? The man pushed off Mary Annes hood, and she didnt try to stop him.
I wasnt sure if that was a good or bad thing.
She nodded.
Wed really appreciate it if we could borrow a phone.
We need to call our families and have someone come and get us.
Unfortunately we dont have a phone here, but you are more than welcome to stay until the roads clear enough that we can get you to the nearest town.
How long will that be?
Were supposed to get another eight inches tonight, so it may be a while.
More? I shook my head.
How can we possibly get more snow?
Are you from around here at all?
Mary Anne nodded.
Well kind of.
Kind of? He gave her a funny look.
Were from a tiny town a few hours from here in New York.
What town?
She glanced at me.
I shrugged.
I didnt know how she could avoid sharing the name.
Mayville.
Oh, yeah.
Ive heard of it.
Then you should know that sometimes we get blizzards like this.
We were due for another one.
They were predicting record snowfall this winter, but this is crazy.
The good news is youre safe now.
We have plenty of clothes, food, and places for you to sleep.
She looked at me, and I nodded.
What other choice did we have?
We appreciate you letting us stay.
We will stay out of your way and leave as soon as the roads open back up.
Theres no rush. He put a hand on Mary Annes arm but smirked at me.
You can stay as long as you need.
Thank you.
Im Mary Anne by the way, and this is Gage.
Nice to meet you both.
Im Hunter.
These men are Chet and Falcon.
Hunter?
Seriously?
The mountain man living in the middle of nowhere was named Hunter?
Nice to meet you too. Mary Anne looked down at the puddle of water at her feet.
The snow coating our boots and pants was starting to melt.
Lets get you both some dry clothes.
Chet, Gage looks about your size, and Im sure Marni has something Mary Anne can borrow.
Sure.
Come with me. Chet gestured to the door.
Ill find you something.
Were going back outside?
Just for a second.
Think you can handle it, man? Chet ribbed.
Sure, but I dont want Mary Anne going back out there.
She doesnt have to.
Well stop by and get Marni on our way.
Mary Anne shook her head.
I can go with you.
I breathed a sigh of relief.
Mary Anne understood that we had to stay together.
Theres no reason for that. Hunter put a hand on her shoulder.
He really needed to stop touching her.
You still look so cold.
Why dont you just wait right over there by the fire?
Really, I dont mind.
I absolutely insist. He moved his hand down on her back.
Your friend will be right back.
Friend?
That wasnt going to fly.
Maybe this was the kind of guy who only responded to overt territorial behavior.
Im more than her friend, so Id appreciate if you didnt have your hands all over my _girlfriend_.
Girlfriend? He took in a breath.
Im sorry.
I didnt get the sense that you two were more than friends.
Well, we are.
Is that so? He glowered at me.
I assure you Ill take perfectly good care of her while you fetch the new clothes.
Shes in good hands.
Its okay, you can go. Mary Anne touched my arm gently.
Youll be right back. Her eyes pleaded with me.
She was nervous, but she also didnt want to start a fight.
Okay, babe.
Ill be back in a minute.
She smiled.
Okay.
I glanced over my shoulder before reluctantly walking out the door.
* Chapter Nine Mary Anne Chapter Nine Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Nine Mary Anne
A little protective, isnt he? Hunter asked as soon as the door closed behind Gage.
He walked toward the fireplace, and I followed, craving the warmth of the fire.
I tried to swallow down my nerves.
I didnt want to admit to myself how much safer I felt with Gage by my side.
Hes just looking out for me.
Looking out for you? Hunter crossed his arms, accentuating his biceps.
Every inch of Hunter was muscle.
I thought Gage was big, but this guy was behemoth.
That sounds more like an older brother than a boyfriend.
Hes definitely not my brother. I thought about all of the things wed done in the sleeping bag.
Is he your first? Hunter rested his chin in his hand.
He had such strong features that almost seemed out of place with his thick coat of stubble and dark, almost long hair.
Excuse me? I glanced toward the door.
I hoped Gage got back quickly.
Is he your first boyfriend?
I find girls tend to sentimentalize the first man theyre with and get unnecessarily attached.
He isnt my first, not that its any of your business.
Im not trying to offend you. He touched my arm.
The guy kept finding reasons to put his hands on me.
It wasnt necessarily inappropriate, but it set me on edge.
Im merely asking questions to pass the time.
Sure. I looked into the roaring fire in the fireplace.
I couldnt deny how good the warmth felt on my cold body.
Why dont you take off your coat? Hunters voice came from right behind me and his hands moved to my coat zipper.
Youll warm up faster without it.
Oh, thats okay. I shivered.
Where was Gage?
Im only trying to help. He started to slowly unzip my jacket.
I can do that myself.
Oh, my mistake.
I thought your hands might be too cold.
Really?
He was going with that excuse?
Theyre fine.
Do you let your friend help you with things?
Or are you one of those girls who likes to do it all herself?
I can take care of myself, but if youre asking about Gage, hes more than a friend.
I already told you that.
Actually you didnt tell me.
He did. Hunter let go of my coat.
But boyfriend, friend, its the same thing.
How are they the same thing? I slipped out of my coat before Hunter could do it for me.
Neither are permanent.
Neither means he has a claim on you. His eyes bore into mine.
I dont intend to ever have a man claim me.
You say that now. He smiled.
I have a feeling youll change your mind later.
Besides, what makes you think that being claimed or not would be your choice?
Yeah I try to stay away from people who force me into things. I crossed my arms.
Come on, Gage.
Hunter was turning out to be scarier than I thought.
He seemed to sense my unease and back peddled.
Oh.
I didnt mean it that way.
I just mean we cant choose who we fall for.
Hadnt I just said that to Genevieve the other day?
Thats true.
The front door opened and Gage returned dressed in dark corduroy pants and a heavy thermal shirt.
He was accompanied by Chet and a girl who couldnt have been too much older than me.
She held out her hand.
Hi, you must be Mary Anne.
Hi.
Marni, is it? I relaxed immediately and accepted her handshake.
Theres something comforting about having another woman around.
Yes.
I brought over some clothes for you. She held a pile of clothes in her hand.
Why dont you show Mary Anne to her room so she can change? Hunter gave her a look I couldnt read.
Marni returned the look.
I assume you mean the upstairs back bedroom?
Of course.
That is the nicest room in the house.
No need to give me a room.
I can sleep on the couch or the floor. I wasnt putting these people out any more than we had to.
The attention Hunter was paying to me was already making me nervous, and I refused to make things anymore awkward or feel like I owed him more.
Nonsense.
Youre our guest.
Okay, we can take a bedroom, but it doesnt need to be the nicest one. I just wanted to avoid an argument.
Despite Marnis friendliness, something was off about these people.
We just needed to survive the night and get home.
We? Hunter turned his head slightly.
Yeah.
Gage and me.
Hunter shook his head.
Gage will be staying with Chet.
What? Gage said hurriedly.
Do you have a problem with me sleeping in the same room as my girlfriend? Despite the situation, I got a thrill hearing him call me his girlfriend so nonchalantly.
I knew he was only doing it to protect me, but maybe he did want more than sex.
Im afraid I do.
Shes your girlfriend, not your wife.
I owe it to her father to keep you in line.
To my father? My jaw dropped.
Are you crazy?
I think I am being very accommodating to you both.
Ive opened up my home, and I will be happy to provide anything you need.
That being said I retain the right to determine where you sleep.
Why do you care? Gage stepped toward him.
You dont want us alone in a bedroom for some religious or moral reason, sure, I can accept that, but whats going to happen if we sleep out here on the floor or the couch?
He crossed his arms again.
If you are more comfortable staying under the same roof, you are welcome to stay on our couch.
However, Mary Anne will be in a bedroom.
Do you really want her under the eye of other men during the night?
I wouldnt want my girlfriend to be.
Its fine.
And Gage, you dont have to sleep on the floor. I tried to diffuse the mounting tension between the two.
Hunter was getting heated and that didnt bode well.
I had the feeling hed prefer to kick Gage out in the snow anyway.
I couldnt let that happen.
All right, why dont we save ourselves from this testosterone-fueled, idiot argument and get you changed? Marni linked her arm with mine.
Those jeans cant feel good.
Not at all. My wet jeans felt heavy as they clung to my skin.
I appreciate the clothes.
Of course. She led me through the main living space and up a narrow set of stairs.
At the top was an equally as narrow hallway with doors lining each side.
Marni pushed open the door to a large bedroom with a queen sized bed in the middle.
A dark quilt was draped over the bed neatly.
One dresser stood across from the bed, and a small bed stand stood next to it, but otherwise the room was empty.
Theres a bathroom right through there. Marni pointed to a door.
Nice guestroom. Considering we were in the middle of nowhere and these people had no phone, I wasnt expecting a suite.
Hunter likes you. She leaned against a bed post.
Hes going to make sure youre comfortable.
Oh. I took the pile of clothes and walked into the bathroom.
What could I say to that?
I didnt quite understand the relationship all these people had.
I assumed she wasnt dating Hunter, but maybe I was wrong.
The underwear is brand new, I promise.
Ok. The thought of wearing anyone elses underwear wasnt a pleasant one.
Knowing it was new helped.
I always buy a million pairs whenever I get to a mall to shop.
Im a little bit addicted to Victorias Secret.
I held up the black silky underwear and smiled.
I wasnt a big shopper, but I had plenty of friends who felt more at home in a mall than anywhere else.
Great. I decided to take her at her word about their newness.
I think theres shampoo and stuff in there, but I brought over an extra razor in case you needed it.
With everything going on she worried about me getting to shave?
I wasnt sure if that was more strange or thoughtful.
I went with thoughtful.
A girl with an addiction to nice underwear probably put a high price on smooth legs.
Thanks.
Ill wait here in case you need anything.
Ok, thanks. I walked into the bathroom and closed the door.
I searched for a lock but didnt see one.
At least it was Marni on the other side of the door.
I quickly undressed and turned on the shower.
The warm spray felt invigorating.
I tried to wash off the stress and the cold, but not Gage.
I never wanted to wash off Gage.
I played it off earlier, but I was going to miss sleeping beside him.
After two nights I didnt want to sleep alone, especially not in this strange place.
I decided to shave quickly, just to feel a sense of normalcy.
After all the walking and two nights in the truck, I wanted to get as cleaned up as possible.
A few minutes later I turned off the water and wrapped up in a plush towel.
Marnis yoga pants were a little bit long on me, but I cuffed them and they worked fine.
The tank top fit perfectly though, as did the powder blue sweater that went over it.
I left my hair down after toweling it off.
It would dry wavy since I didnt have a brush.
The warm wool socks were the best part.
The heavy material provided a satisfying barrier from the cold wood floors.
I walked out of the bathroom.
Thanks for the clothes and everything.
No problem.
Im glad you guys came by.
Came by?
She made it sound like a social call.
We were lucky to find your friends.
Otherwise wed be frozen to death by now.
Youll like it here.
Hunters a good guy even if hes rough around the edges. Once again she talked Hunter up.
I still couldnt read whether they were involved or he was her boss, but there was something that made their relationship more significant than friends or neighbors.
Plus, shed listened to him like he was giving her orders.
The other possibility was that he was a brother or cousin.
Im guessing this is his house?
Yes.
The rest of us live in the cottages.
There went his argument about other men walking by me in the middle of the night.
Are you all family?
Sort of.
Not all by blood though. She smiled.
Otherwise the things I do with Chet would be pretty disgusting.
You and Chet?
Youre a couple? I tried to hide my surprise.
I didnt see that coming.
Yes, although not officially. She bit her lip like she was debating what to say.
Theres kind of an unwritten rule that Hunter has to find someone first.
Hes single? By his behavior with me earlier, it didnt surprise me.
Yes, but he seems to really like you. She raised an eyebrow.
Im with Gage.
With him? She placed something next to one of the pillows.
I glanced to see what it was.
She noticed my gaze.
Pajamas.
But I mean are you serious or just having fun?
Why? Was she into him?
Didnt she just say she was with Chet?
Im not sure yet. I had no idea what was going to happen, but I knew there was no pretending that nothing had changed between us.
Hes cute, but Id choose Hunter. She pressed her lips together and her eyes twinkled.
Yeah Im never going to see Hunter again after we leave.
Why not?
Was she crazy?
Because were going home.
I see. Her smile was gone, replaced by a complacent look I didnt quite understand.
Are you ready to go downstairs?
Sure. I picked up my wet clothes.
Ill take those. Marni pulled them from my hands and walked out of the room.
Hunter met us at the bottom of the stairs.
How was your shower?
Oh.
It was nice, thanks.
His eyes slowly raked over me.
You look beautiful.
Blue is a great color on you.
Thank you. I searched around for Gage.
His appraisal made me uneasy.
Would you like some dinner?
Maybe, but wheres Gage? I tried to look around Hunters large frame.
Hes already in the kitchen.
Okay, thanks.
Gage paced in the hallway outside the kitchen.
Hey.
He looked over and smiled.
There you are.
I took a shower.
I can tell. He picked up a strand of my wet hair.
Do you want to shower too?
Are you trying to tell me I smell bad? He still held the strand like he was studying it.
Thats a great idea. Hunter moved between us, nearly stepping on Gage in the process.
Chet, after you finish up, take Gage to get a shower in.
Ill have dinner first. Gage gave him a long look.
Suit yourself. Hunter returned the look.
The shower I used was wonderful, cant Gage use it?
He might as well use the one where hes staying. Hunter turned to me.
No reason to move around a towel.
He can just use my towel, I have no problem sharing.
Gage smiled.
Neither do I, and Im staying here.
Everyone ready for dinner? Chet called from the kitchen.
Yes, I believe we are. Hunter gestured for me to enter first.
I looked at the long wooden table.
Most of the seats were filled with men in their twenties.
I recognized Falcon from outside, but I hadnt seen the others yet.
Hunter pulled out a chair.
Please, take a seat.
Thanks. I sat down, startled when he pushed me in.
Hunter sat down next to me.
Marni and Chet had already sat down, leaving Gage with the only empty chairone on the complete opposite end of the table.
Somehow I didnt think that was an accident.
* Chapter Ten Gage Chapter Ten Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Ten Gage
Hunter was seriously getting on my nerves.
I put up with his attitude when we first arrived, but if he as much as touched Mary Anne again I was going to lose it.
My personal feelings aside, the guy was creepy.
He presided over the other guys and Marni like a king, but from what I could tell there was nothing special about him.
And why didnt anyone have a phone?
I understood living in the middle of nowhere.
Maybe there was farm land under the piles of snow, but they were off the grid.
If they didnt have a phone I doubted they had internet.
Arent you going to join us? Hunter smiled, but there was nothing friendly about the expression.
What did he think?
That Mary Anne was going to stay behind in his weird compound in the middle of nowhere?
Yeah, sure. I pulled the chair back and sat down.
I assume neither of you are vegetarians. Chet passed around a plate piled high with what appeared to be almost uncooked steak.
I put a piece on my plate, and looked around at the rest of the spread, or rather the lack there of.
Oh, you forgot the salad. Marni pushed back her chair and walked over to the counter.
She set down a large bowl in front of Mary Anne.
Unfortunately were out of dressing.
Oh, thats okay. Mary Anne shot me a look over the table before putting a bunch of lettuce on her plate.
Arent you going to have some steak? Hunter asked.
Oh, Id take a little piece, but those are all huge.
I forced myself not to laugh.
Her attempt at being polite was priceless.
Id be happy to cut some up for you. Hunter took a large piece of steak and cut it into pieces like she was a little kid.
Oh.
You didnt have to do that. Mary Anne appeared completely horrified.
Is that small enough? He pushed the meat over to her.
Was he kidding?
How long had he been living in the boonies?
What girl would find that even remotely appealing?
Oh, thats great. She picked up her fork and took a bite.
She chewed it while Hunter watched like a weirdo.
Delicious.
I cut into my steak.
It made my usual medium rare steak seem overdone.
Despite my hunger, I couldnt get too excited about eating something that undercooked.
Where were you two coming from?
You said your truck is south of here so you must have been on your way back to Mayville.
We were driving back from school.
Where do you go to school? For all his concern with Mary Anne eating, Hunter had barely had a bite of the two large slabs of meat on his plate.
We go to Eastern University in Boston.
What do you study?
I put down my fork.
Why does it matter?
Hunter glared at me.
It matters because Im curious what Mary Anne studies.
Engineering.
Biomedical engineering.
Oh, wow.
You must be good at math.
I nearly snorted a sip of water Id taken.
Yeah, numbers and I get along just fine.
What about you, Hunter?
You into math? I couldnt resist.
I get along with numbers too. He smiled at Mary Anne and she smiled back.
Was she buying any of this?
And what do you study, Gage?
Psychology.
He nodded.
What did you think I was going to say, drama or something?
The whole table laughed including Mary Anne.
I caught Mary Annes eye every few minutes as we ate.
It was a testament to our hunger that we ate at all.
I had a feeling that Mary Anne wasnt one to eat nearly raw meat.
She did eat her salad, and I found myself eating much more of the greens than usual for me.
At least the lettuce couldnt kill me.
Im sure you two are tired. Hunter put a hand behind Mary Annes chair.
She sat up slightly as to not be directly touching his arm.
Nice.
Yeah, its been a crazy day.
Gage, if youve changed your mind, Im sure Chet would be happy to show you to the spare room in his house.
No, Id prefer to stay here. Was he kidding me?
Like I was leaving Mary Anne in a different house with him?
Mary Anne shifted slightly.
If youre really that opposed to my sharing a room with Gage, I dont mind sleeping on the couch and giving him the bedroom.
Hunter shook his head.
Absolutely not.
Im sure Gage wouldnt want that either.
Or you could sleep on the couch, and Ill sleep on the floor. I tried that avenue again.
That way I could still watch out for her.
I didnt like the idea of being so far away from her.
Her door hopefully had a lock.
Didnt we already discuss this? Hunter glared.
It isnt appropriate for her to sleep there.
Fine.
Im staying under the same roof though.
Thats acceptable. Hunter pushed back his chair.
Ill walk you up and start the fire in your room, Mary Anne.
Ok.
Thanks. She caught my eye.
Hopefully we can get out in the morning.
Which is why you definitely should get a good nights sleep. Hunter ushered her upstairs, and I was about ready to scream.
Suddenly the cold truck didnt seem so bad.
* Chapter Eleven Mary Anne Chapter Eleven Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Eleven Mary Anne
Thankfully Hunter didnt stay in the guest room long.
Just let me know if you need anything.
I think Im all set, but thanks. I forced a smile, hoping it looked genuine enough.
Im right across the hall. He hesitated with his hand on the doorknob.
Great.
He stared at me awkwardly for a moment before closing the door behind him.
I let out a small sigh of relief.
At least the guy wasnt going to hover.
I took another look at the flimsy black fabric.
Did Marni seriously leave that for me to sleep in?
It was the kind of thing Id be embarrassed to wear to bed alone in my own room let alone in some strange house in the middle of nowhere.
Plus it was freezing out.
Where were the flannel pajamas or nightgown?
At least I had the wool socks.
I set the slinky nightie to the side.
Id be sleeping in the yoga pants and tank top.
I pulled off my sweater and slipped into bed.
I contemplated turning off the light, but in the end I left the bedside lamp on.
There were no lights outside, and the fire light wasnt all that bright, so turning the switch would have sent me into darkness.
I wasnt ready to handle that yet.
The bed felt empty.
Cold.
I wanted Gage beside me.
Why was I in such a big bed when he was sleeping on the couch?
If it werent for how adamantly against it Hunter was, Id have told Gage to sneak in and join me.
Instead I used an extra pillow to snuggle with.
I wasnt selfish enough to put Gage in that position.
We were at Hunters mercy until we could get to a town or at least a phone, so for the time being we had to play by his rules.
Id just started drifting off to sleep when I heard the door creak open.
I held my breath, hoping it was Gage but terrified I was wrong.
I kept my head down as I tried to come up with a plan to defend myself.
I know youre awake. Hunters voice cut though the silent night
I sat up.
What are you doing in here?
I came in to make sure the fire was still going strong.
I dont want you getting cold. He pushed the poker around in the fire without turning to look at me.
I appreciate the concern, but Id prefer if you didnt walk in here when Im sleeping.
Why? He set aside the poker and turned around.
Does my presence bother you?
Yes. I noticed that the door was still partially ajar which set me at ease.
If he was going to kill or rape me, wouldnt he have closed it?
No it doesnt. He strode toward the bed.
It does, and Id like to go back to sleep.
You werent sleeping. He sat on the edge of the bed.
How would you know?
I heard you tossing and turning and your breathing wasnt a sleeping pattern. He smoothed out the quilt next to him.
Is there anything I can do to help you sleep?
_Let me sleep with Gage_.
Of course I left that thought to myself.
No, thank you.
Are you sure?
Maybe something warm to drink?
Im fine. I held the blanket tighter against me.
Do I frighten you? He scooted closer.
Yes.
He laughed.
Honest.
Not you specifically, just having a man this close who I dont know.
How well do you know Gage?
Ive known him my whole life. I couldnt even remember the first time we met.
Knowing who someone is doesnt mean you _know_ him.
I know him. I tried to pull the blanket even higher, wishing Id kept my bra on under the tank top.
Are you sure?
Why are you doing this?
Whats your angle?
My angle? He rested the palm of his hand next to me.
Yes?
Why do you care so much about my relationship with Gage?
Because I can see it for what it is.
And what is it?
A boy using you.
Gage isnt using me.
He isnt? Hunter leaned in closer to me.
Despite how little he knew of our situation, he was probably right.
The sex had been because I was convenient, but what would happen when we got home?
Would he still want me?
Either way, we were closer now, and he was the only thing I had until we made it back.
No.
At least not any more than Im using him. Had I said that?
Had I thought that?
I mean I wasnt a saint in any of this either.
I wanted Gage, but did I really even understand those feelings?
Was I ready to turn things into something real?
Hunter chuckled.
I see.
But I care about him, and he cares about me.
And caring is enough?
Yes. At least for now.
You deserve more than caring.
You mean love? I wasnt sure why I was even talking to Hunter.
Maybe it was the late hour or the reality that I was never going to see this man again.
Love, passion, complete adoration.
Youre a unique girl.
Theres something more to you than shows on the surface.
Are you done analyzing me?
Are you done being afraid of me?
Yes. If he was going to hurt me he would have done it already, but I was definitely ready to get out of his house.
Then Ill leave you.
Sleep well. He stood and turned off my lamp.
Its not good to sleep with the lights on. He closed the door behind him leaving me in near darkness.
Only the firelight provided any illumination.
Hunter made it even harder for me to sleep.
I kept thinking about Gage, about what we meant to each other, and I decided I didnt care.
I wasnt going to overanalyze things.
I also decided I needed him.
I waited as long as I could, hoping that Hunter had gone back to bed.
I crept out of my room and down the dark stairs.
There was a faint glow of moonlight coming through a window, but otherwise it was pitch black.
I felt my way along the banister.
Once downstairs, the firelight was enough to help me make my way over to where Gage was sleeping on the couch.
I slipped in under his blankets.
Mary Anne. He murmured my name as he pulled me close.
Its me. I snuggled into his side.
We have to get out of here, Gage whispered.
He was more awake than Id originally thought.
I know.
Something is seriously up with these people.
I heard some of the guys talking.
Were only ten miles from a small town.
We can walk that.
Id walk a hundred if it meant getting home.
He squeezed my hand.
Im going to get you home.
Im going to get you home too. I closed my eyes, easily falling asleep in his now familiar arms.
***
My eyes flew open.
I spread out my arms, surprised to find so much space.
This wasnt my dorm bed.
In a blur, everything came back to me.
I was in the guest bed at Hunters house.
But why was I back in that room?
I was positive Id fallen asleep on the couch with Gage.
The fire was completely out and the room was cold as I stepped out of bed.
How had I gotten back?
There was no way Gage would have carried me upstairs, which only left one possibility.
Hunter.
And that possibility scared me.
Hed seemed somewhat normal when we talked, but to physically remove me from Gages arms without me knowing?
We had to get out of there.
I pulled the sweater back on before using the bathroom and hurrying downstairs.
My boots were still a little damp, so I carried them instead of putting them on.
I found Gage sitting up on the couch.
Before I reached him he nodded to the side, and I figured out he was telling me to turn around.
I reluctantly did just that knowing exactly who was waiting.
Mary Anne? Hunter watched me with amusement.
Yes? I forced a smile on my face.
Did you sleep well?
Yes, thank you.
I slept wonderfully.
Its a comfortable bed, isnt it? He watched me carefully.
Very comfortable, but the warmth was the most important part.
Im glad I checked on your fire then.
Tonight Ill watch it more closely.
That wont be necessary.
Besides, doesnt it look like its lightened up out there? Spending another night in this place wasnt in the cards.
He crossed his arms.
Yes, but theres a solid sheet of ice on top of that snow.
We cant get the trucks out.
I really need to get to a phone to call my parents, so I think we might just walk.
We can pay you for the clothes.
Walk?
To town?
In this weather? Hunters jaw clenched.
Its not impossible, Gage jumped in.
With the right clothes and equipment its doable.
Absolutely not.
We can try to start digging out later on this morning, but its going to be at least another night.
I dont think you understand. Gage stepped in front of me.
Were leaving today.
And I dont think you understand. Hunter pushed a finger into Gages chest.
Im not letting Mary Anne freeze to death.
I will not allow it.
And you think I would?
Shell be fine.
Ill take care of her.
Take care of her?
Arent you the one who got her stranded in the snow in the first place?
I had to step in.
Stop.
It wasnt Gages fault, and I can take care of myself.
Hunter gave me a look of pity.
As much as I appreciate your strength, you dont understand the danger.
I know all about frostbite and hypothermia, but well be okay.
Its not just the cold. He stared out the window.
Whats that supposed to mean? I put a hand on my hip.
It means you are staying here tonight.
I straightened up to make myself seem taller.
You cant make us.
I cant? Hunters eyes locked on mine.
This is my home.
And we can leave it. Gage nodded at me.
Lets go, Mary Anne.
Chet, Falcon, and Marni, will you come in here please?
Gage grunted.
What do they have to do with anything?
All three of them walked in.
Chet stood just in front of the other two.
Whats up, Hunter?
Gage and Mary Anne seem interested in leaving.
Now? Marni rested her chin on her fist.
Are you guys crazy?
It seems were not being good enough hosts.
That has nothing to do with it.
We appreciate everything youve done, but we need to get a hold of our families and get home. I doubted he was actually offended, but I tried to tread carefully.
Mary Anne? Hunters face softened.
Yes?
Im going to give you two choices.
No.
Youre not giving her any choices. Gage grabbed my arm.
Were leaving.
I turned toward the door, but I was pulled away back into Hunters chest.
Chet and Falcon held Gages arms.
Leaving isnt one of your options.
Whats going on?
Why do you care if we leave? My heart was racing.
Things were getting crazy.
Are you ready to hear your options? There was something frightening about the way Hunters voice remained so flat.
I sighed.
Ok.
Let go of me, Gage struggled.
Mary Anne, Id suggest you tell your friend to shut up.
He might not like what happens if he keeps interrupting me.
I looked right at Gage.
Please.
Okay, lets try this again.
You have a couple of options.
What are they? I decided to play along.
What other choice did we have?
Im glad you finally asked, He slipped his hand under the back of my sweater and tank top sending chills through me.
Your first option is that you and Gage both remain here.
He agrees to behave, and we dont kick him out.
The other option is that you stay, and Gage leaves either willingly or unwillingly.
Im not leaving Mary Anne! Gage yelled.
Okay, so lets take that option out.
Either you both stay or Gage leaves unwillingly.
Thats an easy choice.
I want Gage with me.
Fair enough.
Now I believe I misspoke earlier. His lips brushed against my ear, and I could hear Gages breathing pick up.
He was angry.
I pleaded with him with my eyes to stay calm, it wasnt going to help.
What do you mean you misspoke?
It isnt just Gage that needs to behave.
You need to too.
And what does behaving involve? I knew I wasnt going to like his answer.
Youre going to move into my room.
What the fuck?
You think youre going to take advantage of her? Gage fought against Chet and Falcon, but they only tightened their hold.
Im not going to take advantage of her.
I will not force anything.
I just need to know shes safe and warm.
Evidently she got cold last night and went searching for warmth in the wrong place.
I am perfectly warm sleeping alone.
Lying to me doesnt count as behaving.
What happens if I dont behave?
If I refuse to sleep in your room?
Gage leaves unwillingly, and I cant promise his safety.
As I said there are serious dangers out there other than the cold.
What about a third option? I thought fast.
There had to be a way to makes things tolerable until we could sneak away.
We both stay, and I sleep in my own room.
I promise not to leave at night.
But that still leaves you cold. His hand moved down to my waist.
The snow may have stopped, but the temperature is set to drop tonight.
Thats another reason that I just cant have you leaving.
I stared at him with my mouth open.
This guy was completely insane.
So what will it be?
Why were you so willing to let me stay in the guest room just minutes ago?
You told me youd check on the fire.
I was going to give you another night to get acclimated, but Ive changed my mind.
Theres no point having to stay up all night watching your door when I can just have you with me.
Why?
Why are you doing this?
Do you routinely try to force women to sleep with you? This whole situation had gone from bad to worse.
Stop making it sound like Im going to rape you.
Im just trying to protect you.
Protect me?
Yeah, right.
But instead of snapping back with what I wanted to say, I took a deep breath.
If I lost my cool, so would Gage, and then wed be in more trouble.
Fine.
Ill take that option.
Lovely.
And I thought I was going to have to demonstrate exactly how wed make Gage leave.
I shivered.
There wasnt a chance I was going to bed with that man.
He was crazy, and I didnt trust him.
Maybe he was serious about not forcing me into anything, but what about Gage?
What if they did something to him?
Gage nodded slightly, letting me know he understood what I was doing.
In a short period of time wed learned each others gestures so well that they served as a non-verbal form of communication that was really coming in handy.
It was mid-morning, and we had until bedtime to get out of the crazy house.
The problem was that even after we left the house, wed still have to get to the next town ten miles away.
Hunter didnt give us a second alone the rest of the day.
He sent Gage out to shovel and insisted I stay inside.
When I tried to argue that I was capable of helping he suggested I find a book to read.
Id have assumed he was sexist, but Marni was out with the rest of them working away.
To be honest she seemed like one of the strongest ones of the group.
When Gage was inside Hunter made sure others were around too.
At both lunch and dinner we ended up on opposite sides of the table, but we both stayed quiet.
If we wanted any chance of escape we had to make it seem like we were going along with Hunters crazy ideas.
After another insufferable dinner, this time it was burgersalso nearly uncooked, I helped with the dishes before we all moved into the living room.
As expected, Hunter sat down next to me on the couch before Gage could.
Gage looked like he was about to blow, but he took a deep breath and sat down in an armchair across from me.
Marni sat down cross-legged on the floor in front of me.
We should play a game.
A game? I wasnt sure I was interested in playing any game these people came up with.
Marni had been nothing but nice to us, but she was still willingly with the rest of these lunatics.
Unless she wasnt.
A horrible thought hit me.
Had she started out just like me?
Was she a normal girl who unwittingly ended up stuck in the wrong place?
Then I noticed her giving Chet these lovey-dove eyes.
She at least genuinely liked him.
Sure, we have a bunch of board games here. Marni sounded unnaturally chipper again.
Board games? Gage asked.
Like Monopoly or something?
Marni nodded.
Sure we have Monopoly, but you have to let Chet be the car.
He complains like a baby if he ends up with the thimble or something.
Chet shook his head.
Ignore her.
I never do that.
Yes, you do. Semi, one of the quieter of the bunch, added.
It was getting late.
As much as I didnt want to get into bed with Hunter, I couldnt leave until he was sleeping.
Might as well get it over with.
I think Im going to turn in, but feel free to play without me.
Im ready as well. Hunter sat up straight.
Evidently he was in a rush to get to bed too.
Seeing that Ill be sleeping right here, Ill stay up, but I am pretty tired. Gage stretched.
We needed everyone in bed before we could leave.
Oh.
Maybe tomorrow night then. Marni stood up in one swift motion.
I wish I looked that graceful when I got up after sitting on the floor.
Hunter stood up.
Ill let the rest of you show yourself out.
I took my cue and stood as well.
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Mary Anne. Gage drew out my name.
Neither of us wanted me to have to get into Hunters bed, but what other choice did we have?
I had to take him at his word that he wouldnt try anything.
Id scream like bloody murder if he did, and I knew Gage would come for me.
* Chapter Twelve Mary Anne Chapter Twelve Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Twelve Mary Anne
I followed Hunter up the stairs slowly.
As anxious as I was to leave, I was dreading this part of the plan.
Still, we had to be strategic about our escape.
Our escapehow had the situation gotten so crazy that we were willingly running out into below freezing temperatures?
Hunters room was laid out similarly to the guestroom.
A large fireplace took up most of the wall across from his huge bed, and the entrance to what I assumed was the bathroom was only steps away.
When did you start the fire? I hadnt noticed him slip away.
While you were helping with the dishes.
I wanted to make sure our room was warm enough for you tonight.
Our room?
Was he serious?
Great uh would it be okay if I took an extra blanket and slept on the floor?
Are you that averse to sleeping beside me?
I dont know you.
Of course I am.
Then Ill sleep on the floor.
Why are you doing this? The plan was to play along, but I couldnt hold the questions back any longer.
If youre going to sleep on the floor then why make me stay in here?
Im trying to keep you safe. He pulled off his navy shirt, and I looked away.
Id be safe in the guest room.
Mary Anne? He said my name so softly that I had to turn to look at him.
I wished I hadnt.
His broad chest was on display for me, and I noticed that he had a faint scar over his chest that matched the one on his face.
How had he gotten the marks?
I know youre not going to believe me, but I am trying to keep you safe.
You and Gage.
Somehow I doubt youre concerned with Gages safety.
Not the way I am about yours, but Ill give the guy some credit.
Hes more determined to protect you than I would have expected.
Will you let us leave tomorrow? He seemed saner at the moment, and although I still planned to leave that night, it seemed worth trying to talk some sense into him.
Sending you out right now would be signing your death certificate, or worse.
Whats worse than death? I shivered.
Just the thought of it messed with me.
I was so ready to be home.
You dont want to know. He pulled back the quilt and sheets.
I really dont mind sleeping on the floor.
But I mind you doing that. He stared at me with an intensity that frightened me.
I will always provide you with a warm, comfortable place to sleep.
Id prefer if it was at my side, but if you dont trust me yet, I can wait.
How could you expect me to trust you?
Why wouldnt you?
If I was going to hurt you wouldnt I have done it already?
Wouldnt I have gotten rid of Gage and had my way with you already?
Maybe you have your reasons.
He stepped toward me, backing me up to the bed until my only choice was to sit down on it.
Im attracted to you, Mary Anne.
My body aches to join with yours, but that doesnt mean Ill listen to that desire.
I can control myself, and Id never force myself on a woman.
I have patience. He leaned over me, his hands making imprints on the bed on either side of me.
But what I cant control is my need to protect you.
That need isnt one that can be pushed away or denied.
I cannot, and will not, allow something to happen to you.
You dont even know me.
Is this just because Im a girl?
I would protect anyone worthy, but Id go farther for you.
Youre exactly what Ive spent years waiting for.
Now he was getting creepy again.
I take it you dont get out much?
He chuckled and moved to standing.
No, I dont, but dont think my lack of a social life has anything to do with how attracted I am to you.
Listen, Hunter.
He sat down beside me.
Thats the first time youve said my name.
Oh.
I guess so.
I just think we need to set some things straight.
I already know what youre going to say.
You do?
He nodded.
You were about to tell me that Im an attractive man, but youre not interested.
You have a boyfriend, and you just want to get home.
Howd you know? Either he was perceptive or he could read my mind.
I really hoped it was the former.
Its written all over your face. He stood up and put a hand underneath me, shifting me so that I was underneath the covers.
But that attraction will grow given some time.
Im leaving tomorrow, Hunter.
He kissed my forehead.
If its safe. He pulled an extra blanket over me.
I wish youd let me warm you up, but if I cant at least you have enough blankets. If the guy wasnt crazy, he might be considered sweet.
He lay down on the wood floor right in front of the door.
You can turn off the bedside lamp when youre ready.
What?
He was going to sleep on the floor?
With no blankets?
And in front of the door?
That was the worst part.
There was no way I was going to be able to get out without waking him up.
I shut off the lamp so I could give myself the privacy of darkness to plan.
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Mary Anne.
I lay there in the darkness thinking about Gage and my family.
I watched the flickering of the fire and imagined all the stupid holiday traditions Id never take for granted again.
I thought about going home, and I made a risky decision.
Hunter?
Yes? He called from the floor.
I changed my mind.
About?
Its cold.
Do you want more blankets? He stood up, his bare chest illuminated in the firelight.
No.
I uh, I want you closer.
You want me to lie next to you? There was such hope in his voice.
Despite how creepy he was, I felt bad playing with him this way, but I had no choice.
Yes, but Im not interested in doing anything.
He walked over and pulled back the blankets on the other side of the bed.
I already assured you I wouldnt try anything.
Please remember that.
But I cant keep you warm from this side of the bed. He rolled over onto his side and looked at me.
Would it bother you if I came closer?
Not too close.
Youd enjoy sleeping in my arms, Mary Anne. He shifted closer.
Youd be warm and secure.
Youd feel and hear my heartbeat, reminding you that youre not alone.
Never alone.
His words were seductive, like they were being woven into a lullaby.
My eyes blinked.
I was suddenly so tired.
Theres nothing to worry about when youre with me, Mary Anne.
Youre safe. He shifted closer.
I cant.
Gage. I was so tired, I could barely get the words out.
Hes not really your boyfriend. He said it as a statement.
Yes, he is.
Shh.
Mary Anne.
I know.
I can tell.
You gave yourself to him, and now you dont know what happens.
I already told you hes using you, and you admitted you were doing the same.
I didnt admit Why was it so hard to talk?
All I wanted to do was go to sleep.
Yes, you did.
I kind of have that effect on people.
I help them realize what their subconscious is trying to tell them.
Whats my subconscious telling me now?
Youre scared.
Youre scared about how youre going to get home.
Youre scared of what will happen with Gage, but even more than that youre scared of how I make you feel.
You dont understand how you could have feelings for me when you finally have the man youve wanted for years.
No.
I wasnt thinking that. But I was thinking all the other things.
How did he know so much about what I was thinking?
I couldnt be that easy to read.
Your subconscious was. He touched my forehead.
And the answer is you dont really have him.
Its temporary.
It wouldnt be temporary with me.
Youd always be protected and warm. He ran a hand down my arm.
Youd also be cherished.
Your body worshiped and adored.
Your every need and desire fulfilled because I know them better than you know them yourself.
Stop.
Stop what?
Letting you know there are options?
I need to sleep.
Then sleep.
We can talk more about this tomorrow night.
I wont be here tomorrow night.
Yes, you will, he whispered, his lips right by my ear.
I rolled over, not trusting the effect he had on me, and I stared at the wall.
I needed to get out of there.
Fast.
***
I woke up with a start, remembering exactly where I was and who was lying next to me.
Hunters arm was draped over me as I lay on my side.
I tried to shrug it off, but it didnt budge.
So much for an easy exit.
I tried again carefully, and he stirred.
I told you not to leave.
I begged you not to, he said in barely a whisper.
I held my breath.
You should have stayed. His voice sounded weaker this time.
Was he sleeping?
Stay, he murmured against my hair.
He was definitely sleeping.
Was he talking about me?
Did his fear of my safety really transcend into his dreams?
I couldnt think about it long.
I pushed up against his arm for the third time, and this time I was able to slide out from under it.
He mumbled again before rolling over.
Phew.
I waited a few moments to make sure he was really sleeping before slipping out of bed.
As silently as possible I pulled on my sweater and pantsI had my jeans back.
Id left both my coat and boots downstairs.
Halfway down the stairs I collided with a body.
My chest clenched.
Its just me.
I relaxed once I heard Gages voice.
Thank goodness.
We hurried down the stairs.
Gage handed me my coat.
I zipped it up before pulling on my boots.
Are we ready?
Yes.
Lets do this.
The ground was still covered by at least a foot of snow, and Hunter was right about the layer of ice.
At least it was easier to walk over since my boots didnt sink in as much.
The first tentative steps onto the frozen ground were slow, but then we picked up the pace, determined to get off Hunters property before he realized I was missing.
The wind picked up the farther into the open we moved, and the effect had snow blowing all around us.
We were getting close to the road.
We had to be.
Reaching the road would only be the beginning of a full day journey, but it was easier to delude myself into thinking it was the goal.
Gages hand remained wrapped around mine.
Even through our gloves, the contact provided comfort.
Despite the doubts Hunter tried to put in my head, I knew there was more between us than sex.
Gages feelings for me were more than that, and so were mine.
It was crazy how much had changed between us in just a few days.
I guess extreme circumstances can do that to people.
A single howl made me stop short.
The wolves!
Lets hope they are farther away than they sound. Gage tightened his hold on my hand and pulled me forward.
Three more howls filled the night.
They sound closer.
We picked up the pace, and I chanced a glance behind me.
That was a mistake.
Several large grey wolves came into view.
Run!
Gage didnt need to be told twice.
He broke into a run without letting go of my hand.
I ran as fast as possible over the frozen snow, but we didnt get far before the wolves started circling around us.
Oh my god. Could things get any worse?
You have to make a run for it. Gages voice quivered.
Theyre going to kill us.
Im not leaving you. I tried to stay strong, and I kept my eyes locked on the wolves.
There were five of them.
All of them were massive, much larger than any wolf Id seen before, but one of them was even bigger and had a large silver streak running down its back.
That wolf seemed to be staring right at me.
Ill distract them.
You run.
Ill catch up.
I spotted an opening next to one of the smaller of the wolves and went for it.
I didnt make it far before one of the wolves stepped in front of me.
I froze, paralyzed with fear before my legs were knocked out from under me.
Suddenly, I was lying in the snow with a giant wolf hovering over me.
Were fucked. Gage voiced exactly what I was thinking.
The silver streaked wolf stared down at me.
Its almost glowing eyes bored into mine.
Was I really going to die as half-frozen food for a giant wild animal?
Then things got hazy and the air seemed to buzz.
Moments later it wasnt a wolf on top of meit was a man.
A completely naked man with a faint scar across his face.
What the heck? I tried to scurry back, but Hunter didnt move.
His very exposed parts nearly touched me.
I didnt want to notice his size, but I did.
He was huge.
He also didnt look remotely concerned with the cold.
His lips brushed against my ear.
Were you going somewhere? His voice came out scratchy, and his eyes didnt leave my face.
Yeah.
Were getting the hell out of this place. Gage sounded confident.
I was impressed.
I could barely breathe.
Then again maybe he didnt have a giant naked man nearly on top of him.
I wasnt talking to you.
I was talking to her.
I tried to turn to look at Gage, but Hunter captured my chin and made me look back up at him.
To me? My voice didnt sound like my own.
It was shaky and low.
Yes.
I thought we had a deal, Mary Anne?
I tried to stay calm.
Maybe Id imagined the wolf part.
But then why was he buck naked?
We were just going for a walk.
I was having trouble sleeping. I had to try.
Im sure thats what you were doing. Hunter shook his head.
If I were you I wouldnt try this again.
I dont take well to losing something of mine. In one swift motion he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder.
I fought against him.
Put me down!
Put her the fuck down, asshole! Now back on his feet, Gage yelled.
I looked in time to watch him fall flat onto the snow.
Someone must have punched him.
As I glanced around I realized that Hunter wasnt the only one naked.
What do you want with us? I pounded against Hunters bare back.
Its you I want, but now Gage has seen too much.
Im guessing youd rather we kept him around?
Dont hurt him. The tears started as Hunter carried me back to the house.
Please bring him inside.
I promise Ill do whatever you say.
Be careful the kind of promises you make. Hunters voice was hoarse.
Youre lucky I dont plan to hold you to it.
You said its me you want.
What do you want with me? My gut told me it was more than the obvioussex.
He could have had that already.
He patted my ass.
Youre about to find out.
* Chapter Thirteen Gage Chapter Thirteen Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Thirteen Gage
We were dead.
When the car careened off the road we had died.
There was no other explanation for the naked wolf-men.
I remained sprawled in the snow where they left me.
Based on the sex with Mary Anne, Id have thought we were in heaven, but considering the wolves we had to be in Hell.
Maybe the car sex was more like a test.
A purgatory of some sort.
Something irresistible had been dangled in front of me, something I wasnt supposed to have, and I hadnt resisted.
I hadnt resisted at all.
Are you listening? A female yelled.
No. If this was Hell she probably knew what I was thinking.
I was thanked for my honesty by a slap across my face.
Marni.
Of course she was the only one of them who hadnt been standing buck naked in front of us.
Just my luck.
Not that I was looking forward to seeing anyone but Mary Anne naked, but I was already in Hell, might as well make the most of it.
Id suggest you listen. She nodded toward where Hunter had Mary Anne slung over his back.
I assumed the other wolves had returned to the house already because I didnt see them anywhere.
I got up with a start.
Dead or not, I wasnt leaving her with him.
I jogged back through the snow to the house.
I kept expecting someone to grab for me, but no one did.
I guess they were confident I wouldnt get far.
I was fast, but I couldnt outrun a wolf.
I also wouldnt leave Mary Anne behind.
That was probably what they were banking on.
Inside Hunter had put on a pair of pants and had Mary Anne pressed tightly against his chest.
She looked anything but comfortable.
At least he was standing near the fire.
If she had to be near the monster, she might as well be warm.
Id taken two steps toward her when my arms were grabbed from behind.
I guess the trust exercise was over.
What the hell are you people?
Isnt it obvious? Chet smirked.
He was enjoying the situation entirely too much.
Werewolves? Mary Annes voice wavered.
Youre werewolves?
We dont use that name. Hunter adjusted his hand around her waist.
I wanted to smack his arms away.
This monster was touching her.
Mary Anne shifted uncomfortably.
But I wasnt imagining things.
You were wolves.
Yes, Hunter whispered in her ear, but his voice remained loud enough for me to hear.
What do you think about that?
She sighed.
I think Ive lost my mind.
I think were dead, but I cant imagine how Mary Anne ended up in Hell.
Shes too sweet for that. I watched her wistfully.
Youre not dead, Hunter snapped.
I assure you, you are completely alive.
But youre wolf-men. Mary Annes face was completely drained of color.
She was going into shock.
Hunter tightened his hold.
You can call us Weres for now.
For now? she asked shakily.
Im not going into more details until I know I can trust you.
I laughed dryly.
If were not dead, and youre actually _Weres_ , I accentuated the word to show I was trying to play along.
What do you want with us?
Mary Anne already asked that question.
And your answer? she asked, her voice slightly stronger.
Were keeping you safe.
This time it was Mary Anne who laughed.
Keeping me safe?
Ive been kidnapped by a bunch of wolves, and youre telling me its for my safety?
You have no idea whats out there.
Whats out there? I chortled.
Youre going to pretend there is something worse than you guys?
If we wanted to hurt you, we would have. Hunters eyes set on mine.
No, you just want to keep us against our will and keep my girlfriend in your bed. I felt my anger about to blow.
I wouldnt exactly call that friendly.
This is friendly.
You dont want to see what we get like when were not friendly. Falcon scowled.
Please, just let us leave. Mary Anne started shaking.
I needed to get to her.
I struggled against Semi.
Its okay. Hunter turned her in his arms.
Im not going to let anything happen to you.
Cut the crap. I wasnt just going to stand there and listen to him talk to her like he was a freaking hero.
She knows exactly what you are.
She doesnt want a _wolf_.
And she wants you then? He watched me over her head.
Yes. Mary Anne answered.
He ignored her.
You think she wants a man whos using her?
Oh, and youre going to treat her like a fucking princess then?
You want to live out a Beauty and the Beast fantasy?
Is that it?
Well, she might be a beauty, but shes not yours.
None of this is real. Mary Anne spoke softly.
There are no men who can turn into wolves.
Maybe youre right, Gage.
Were dead.
Or maybe Im in a coma, or Im doped up on pain meds.
The accident was worse than we thought.
I still refuse to believe youd be in Hell, but we could have imagined the wolf thing.
Imagined it? Hunter turned to Mary Anne.
Chet, show them.
Chet took off his pants.
Oh no.
Please, Ive seen enough. I looked away from his junk, but I didnt need to worry for long.
A second later the air buzzed, and hed transformed into a giant grey wolf.
Mary Anne whimpered.
Hunter moved one hand to her shoulder.
Youll need to get used to us in our animal form.
She needs a drink. Marni stood up from where she sat on the arm of the couch.
Maybe we all do.
A drink? I asked incredulously.
You want us to accept a drink from you?
Youve been eating our food for a few days already. Chet had transformed again.
Thankfully hed put his pants back on before talking.
I need to lie down. Mary Anne blinked a few times.
I fought against Semi.
I needed to get to her.
You can lie down. Hunter took her in his arms and laid her down on the couch.
A drink might help your nerves though.
Is there something in particular you like?
Mary Anne shook her head.
Im not twenty-one.
The entire room laughed.
I smiled.
I couldnt help it.
At a time like this, Mary Anne was worried about being underage.
Annoyingly enough Hunter smiled too.
Thats all right.
No IDs necessary.
Mary Anne wasnt laughing, or smiling.
I want Gage.
Hunter looked like hed been wounded.
I dont think thats such a good idea.
Why not? I spat out.
You keep saying you want to protect her.
Why not give her what she wants too?
Because what someone wants may not be what they need. What, was he a philosopher now too?
I need him. Her voice pleaded.
No. Hunter shook his head.
Its better that you two get used to being separated.
And tell me, Hunter.
Why do we need to get used to that?
Because youre not going to be together.
Is that a fact? I challenged.
And let me guess, shes going to be with you now?
Because she needs you even if she doesnt want you?
She wants me.
No, she doesnt. He scowled.
She does.
She just isnt ready to admit it yet.
What if Im not okay with that? I fought against Semi again.
Are you going to throw me out?
Throw you out? He sneered.
You know what we are.
We cant do that.
We either keep you or kill you.
And how are you going to decide which to do? I wasnt going to act all submissive.
That would just make things worse.
It all depends on her. He ran a hand through Mary Annes hair.
I want him here.
I need him here. Mary Anne wrapped her arms around herself.
I wished it were my arms around her.
Ill keep him around for you.
Consider it a gift.
I just want to go home. Tears streamed down her face, and I fought against my captor again even though I knew the effort was pointless.
Lets all have a drink and talk things out. Marni headed to the kitchen.
Scotch ok for you guys?
Scotch?
You guys drink scotch? When I thought of scotch I thought of rich preppy people, not wolves.
Is there something surprising about that? She asked with a completely straight face.
I couldnt get a read on the girl.
And was she a wolf too?
Or was she another innocent victim whod been brainwashed to stay with them?
Then a scary thought hit me.
That would be Mary Anne.
Mary Anne would be the brainwashed one who did anything Hunter said.
I shuddered.
Marni patted my shoulder.
Yeah, you need a drink.
I nodded, not sure what else to do.
Dead or alive, in a coma or drugged up, our situation sucked.
If there was any chance this was real I had to fight for Mary Anne.
I owed it to her to get her home.
Maybe this was another test.
If I could save Mary Anne, Id redeem myself.
Either way, Id do it.
In the time wed spent together Id already realized something.
I cared for her.
I would protect her with my life if I had too, and I had a sinking feeling that might be exactly what was required.
* Chapter Fourteen Mary Anne Chapter Fourteen Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Fourteen Mary Anne
Drinking scotch with wolves.
That sounded more like a movie or book title than an actual vignette from my life, but somehow I was sitting on a worn couch with a glass of brown liquid in my hand.
You are not used to drinking straight liquor, are you? Hunter sat down on the couch next to me.
He left so little space that his thigh touched mine.
I gulped down more scotch.
I probably shouldnt have been drinking, but I was too freaked out to care.
Not exactly.
I don't even usually drink beer. I'd moved on from a state of shock to mild acceptance.
I was probably hallucinating or unconscious, so I decided to go along just enough to make things easier.
Hunter rested an arm behind me on the couch.
What do you prefer to drink?
I can get anything you want.
Ok.
Stop. I tried to scoot away from him.
Assuming I'm awake and alive, and you guys are actually wolves, why would you be concerned with getting me what I like to drink?
He leaned in close enough that I could feel his warm breath on my face.
Because I plan to fulfill your every desire.
New possibility.
Was I was about to have my first non-Gage sex dream?
That won't be necessary.
Her desires are well taken care of, Gage cut in.
So sex dream or not, Gage was still there.
Oh, so you are an expert on Mary Anne then? Hunter turned to him.
On what she likes?
Yes, he answered confidently.
Despite everything, Gage still had that.
Hunters stare didnt waver.
What does she drink?
Uh, girly stuff.
Is that true, Mary Anne? Hunter turned his body so I was effectively pinned against the arm of the couch.
Sometimes. Wine was my favorite, but I kept that part to myself.
Tell the truth, Mary Anne. How did Hunter know what I was really thinking?
I like girly drinks, but I also like wine.
We've got some wine in the cellar. Marni took a sip of her drink Want me to get some?
No.
Thats okay. I definitely didn't need more alcohol in my system.
Are you ready to go back to bed then? Hunter set aside his empty glass on the coffee table.
Wolves with a coffee table.
For some reason that seemed funny.
I started to laugh.
I mean really laugh.
I nearly fell off the couch.
After all the craziness, Id lost it completely.
Are you okay? Hunter placed his hands on my arm.
Are you ill?
No. I tried to stop laughing long enough to talk.
Im just.
Im just so.
I dont know.
You need sleep. His hand moved around me as if to pick me up.
Shes not going anywhere with you.
You think shes just going to let you carry her off? Gage wasnt laughing.
What choice does she have? Hunters hands tightened around me.
Do either of you have any choices?
His words sunk in.
We had no choices.
No control.
Still, I had to try.
Please, can I sleep alone?
No. He shook his head.
But I promise to respect your decisions on anything else.
Gage laughed dryly again.
Yes, the gentleman werewolf.
Chet punched him.
Ugh, Gage grunted.
Chet stood over him.
We said not to call us that.
I shrugged Hunters hands off me and walked over to where Gage sat on the floor.
At least hed sat up.
Considering what we have been through, I think you can cut him a break.
Hunter put a hand on my shoulder.
Come to bed, Mary Anne.
Chet and Falcon will take care of him.
Take care of him?
You mean hurt him?
No.
I'm not just going to walk upstairs with you. Id done that before, and it hadnt gotten me far.
What do you suggest?
I give him the guestroom? Hunter stood, pulling me to standing with him.
Why not?
I cant trust him.
In other words you dont want him near me.
Before Hunter could answer, Marni jumped in.
I can watch him.
I don't mind.
Her quick offer bothered me.
She claimed to be with Chet, but was she into Gage?
I didnt like the idea of her spending the night in the same room with him.
Chet growled.
I will too. Evidently he didnt like the thought either.
It's not much of a guestroom if he's sharing it with two peopleI mean Weres or wolves. Then a thought occurred to me.
Are you a wolf, Marni?
She grinned.
Yes.
Did you doubt it?
I didnt know.
Youre the only girl here.
Not the only one anymore. She grinned even bigger.
Finally a break from all the testosterone.
Were not staying. Gage and I said at the same time.
Hunter returned to the earlier line of conversation, ignoring our declaration.
He's not staying in the guestroom; he stays with Chet.
Then I'm not sleeping with you. I crossed my arms.
Maybe pretending I had power would actually give me some.
I knew it wasnt likely, but Hunter kept saying he wanted to give me what I wanted.
Yes, you are.
No.
Ive already explained to you that hes expendable. Hunter leaned in close.
Completely expendable if he gets in my way.
I shivered.
Then let him go.
He won't tell. I didn't want Gage to leave, but he'd be safe and then Hunter wouldnt hold Gage over my head.
Gage would tell.
I had to believe he would.
His feelings for me aside, he wouldnt leave me to rot in this crazy house.
Hunter laughed.
Like that's happening.
We are going back to bed. Despite my protests, he picked me up again and slung me over his shoulders.
Seriously?
Put her the fuck down! Gage's cry rallied me to punch and kick Hunters back with all my might.
I'd tell your friend to follow orders.
Sometimes my men don't know their own strength. Hunters voice had an edge to it that wasnt there a moment before.
He was losing his patience.
Mine had been lost hours before.
Stop this!
Stop this!
I still don't know what the hell is going on, but I don't like it.
What don't you get? Hunter asked without putting me down.
Please, put me down. I couldnt concentrate with the blood rushing to my head.
I was already dizzy, and he was making it much worse.
Surprisingly he listened.
Back on my feet, I tried to stall him.
Anything to put off leaving Gage.
So we're alive?
This isn't a dream?
It's real, but if it was a dream I'd be saying the same thing, wouldn't I? Was Hunter trying to mess with me?
Yes
Next question.
And you are really wolves? I glanced around Hunter at Gage.
I wanted him.
I needed him.
Chet sighed.
I am not shifting again to prove it.
Please don't. Gage was probably hoping to avoid seeing him naked again.
And we are not allowed to leave?
I thought you were a smart girl. Falcon sneered.
Id noticed him checking me out earlier.
I preferred the sneer to the ogling.
I am sort of, but that has nothing to do with believing the impossible. It was the rational part of me that struggled to accept it.
There had to be another explanation.
I yawned.
Exhaustion and alcohol had caught up with me.
I was ready to fall over.
Hunter steadied me before I could actually fall.
We are not going to settle anything tonight and you need rest.
You sleep in my bed.
Gage can take the guestroom.
Everyone else will sleep in shifts.
Where will you sleep? I asked with hesitation.
I couldnt handle getting into bed with him again.
Even if I believed hed stay on his side, I still wasnt keen on lying down underneath the same sheets with a guy who wasnt human.
Honestly, human or not, I didnt want to lie down with anyone but Gage.
He watched me like he was trying to figure out what I was thinking.
There was no way he could read minds.
If he had been able to he would have predicted our attempted escape.
He must have just been really perceptive and good at reading facial expressions.
I will sleep on the floor like I offered last night.
Based on what you did earlier it's safer for all of us that way.
I nodded.
What other choice did I have?
As hed emphasized earlier, there was nothing we could do.
We were completely at his mercy, and that terrified me.
But that didnt mean I was giving up.
Do you promise Gage will be safe? I knew his word might not mean anything, but I had to try.
You have my word that he will not be harmed tonight. Hunter gazed into my eyes.
My word is law.
It will not be broken.
I looked at Gage.
At least you will be nearby. I watched for his reaction.
I needed him to go along with things until we could figure out an escape.
It looked like we were back to where we started the night.
The difference was we now knew we were dealing with wolves.
* Chapter Fifteen Gage Chapter Fifteen Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Fifteen Gage
I tossed and turned the rest of the night.
As promised, Hunter gave me the guest room, but knowing that Mary Anne was in his bed across the hall made it impossible to sleep.
The fact that there was a wolf-man standing at the door watching me made it difficult too.
Id never felt weaker or more helpless in my whole life.
After the second time Chet changed I stopped trying to delude myself into thinking I was dreamingor dead.
Either of those possibilities would have made things simpler, and nothing was ever simple.
If youre not going to sleep, why are we even wasting our time? Falcon asked from his spot in the doorway.
I glanced at my watch.
It was just after four in the morning.
I dont know?
Why are you wasting your time messing with us?
Were not wasting our time. It wasnt Falcon who answered.
Hunter strode into my room.
I was surprised hed left his watch of Mary Anne.
Were not wasting our time at all.
Is that so? I was so exhausted it was hard to speak coherently.
Too bad sleep wasnt an option.
Lets go for a ride.
A ride?
Suddenly you can get the truck out? I had no doubt that Hunter had been messing with us the whole time, but I was surprised he was admitting it so soon.
He shook his head.
Well take the snowmobile.
The snowmobile.
Right.
Because thats how werewolves would travel across their property.
Somehow I knew this wasnt going to be a social ride, nor could I say no.
Are we waking up Mary Anne?
No.
She needs her sleep. He glanced into the hall as if he could see her.
The guy was obsessed.
How do I know shell be safe? I glanced in the same direction as him.
Why should I go anywhere with you?
Because youre not stupid, and you want to stay near her.
If you want that then youre going to listen.
Im not going to kill you.
That would just upset her, and I dont want to upset Mary Anne.

Because youre so afraid of upsetting her? I arched an eyebrow.
What, are you trying to woo her?
My plans are none of your business.

I dont have a choice, do I? Hed just told me as much, but I was stalling.
Leaving the house, and Mary Anne, wasnt high on my to-do list.
No.
No, you dont.
I stood up.
Where are we going?
Youll see. He walked back into the hallway.
I pulled on my boots and followed him out.
I hesitated in front of Hunters door.
Keep moving. Falcon followed behind me.
I was tired of being watched.
Im coming. I dragged myself away from her door.
I would only cause more problems if I delayed the inevitable.
The night was cold and silent.
Our boots crunched loudly in the snow.
Hunter easily opened a large barn and walked into the dark space.
I followed, wondering how much crazier things could possibly get.
Get on. Hunter barked as he took a seat on the snowmobile.
I sat down behind him, my stomach twisting at the thought of leaving Mary Anne alone in that house.
At least Hunter wasnt there.
He seemed to be in charge, and I hoped that meant that the other wolves wouldnt touch her in his absence.
I had to believe that.
Hunter started the engine and pulled out into the forest.
I wondered if the noise was loud enough to wake up Mary Anne.
I hoped not.
I didnt want her to know I was gone.
I didnt want her to doubt Id leave her behind.
Id seen the hesitation in her eyes earlier that night.
I never wanted to see that again.
I wasnt ditching her.
We were in this mess together.
The wind stung as we flew across the white terrain.
I hadnt been on a snowmobile in years, and this occasion felt nothing like the joyrides Id done in my youth.
Where the hell are we going? I called over the noise of the engine.
I want to make sure we're seeing eye to eye on everything now.
Eye to eye?
Yeah, because that's happening. I didn't bother yelling, I didn't particularly want him to hear.
Yes, I don't think you quite understand the gravity of the situation you're in. His eyes remained fixed in front of him.
He'd heard me?
What kind of hearing did he have?
He shut off the engine and got out.
Recognize anything yet?
I got out and followed his gaze.
He was looking at the charred remains of some sort of truck.
Wait.
Is that my truck? Bile started moving up my throat.
My Bessy.
Yes.
It's a shame that no one survived the accident.
What the fuck? I shoved into Hunters chest.
You destroyed my truck?
You want people to think we're dead?
He appeared unmoved by the shove.
Why not?
They're never going to see you again anyway. His voice was flat.
Emotionless.
I felt anything but.
Burning my truck was a statement.
He wanted me to know we had no hope.
You are seriously fucked up.
Fucked up? He pulled me toward him by my jacket.
I moved to shrug him off, but I found I couldnt.
This guy was strong.
You haven't seen fucked up.
Keep disobeying me, or getting in my way with Mary Anne, and you'll see fucked up.
I pushed my luck.
Whats your end game?
You think you're going to turn her into your little slave or something?
Preying on an innocent girl?
I'll treat her better than you've been treating her.
Youre using her. He glared.
Dont bother denying it.
I can read it plain as day.
You figured shed come in handy to tide you over until your next distraction.
But shes more than that.
Shes special.
Im not using her. Just hearing him speak those words made me angry.
Maybe Id gone about things wrong, but I was going to fix everything once we got home.
But why do you care?
Why do you want her so much?
Is it just because of what she looks like?
You dont even know her.
I know her just as well as you.
I laughed dryly.
I've known her for almost my whole life. The wind picked up, blowing a coat of snow over the remains of Bessy.
I was going to miss that truck.
I couldn't even begin to conceive of how to explain things to Mary Anne.
Our families werent going to look for us.
They were going to think we were dead.
That brought up the question of bodies.
Would they find any?
I couldnt even go down that line of thinking yet.
The number one priority was protecting Mary Anne and getting her the hell away from these wolves.
Shes special, and she will be mine.
Not my slave, my mate.
My equal in all things that matter.
Your equal?
You're a leader of a pack of wolves.
No human is going to be your equal.
You need to stop drawing conclusions without evidence.
You know nothing about us.
And you know nothing about _us_. I emphasized the word, letting him know that Mary Anne and I were a package deal.
I know plenty. There was something about the look in his eyes that made me wonder what he was really saying.
Howd you know this was my truck?
How many trucks are out here right now?
But it's miles from your house.
Did you just search for it? My suspicion grew.
Did he have anything to do with the accident?
I remembered the dark blur that made me hit the brakes and sent us careening off the road.
I do my research. He released my jacket.
If I were you Id stop asking questions and get on.
I jumped onto my seat just as he pulled away.
In another lifetime I would have run to the road and saved myself.
But this wasn't another lifetime, and Mary Anne needed me.
Running away wasn't, and would never be, an option unless she was with me.
The ride back seemed faster.
I kept thinking about the burnt out truck and the reality that no one would come searching.
If we wanted to be rescued, we were going to have to do it ourselves.
As much as I wanted to do it immediately, we needed to play along.
Our only chance was making the wolves believe wed given up.
Aggressors tend to ignore those who roll over and play dead.
The thought of doing that went against every fiber of my being, and I knew I couldnt take it to an extreme, but I didnt have any other ideas.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Hunter parked the snowmobile in the barn, and I silently followed him back to the house.
I did everything possible to keep my face unreadable in case Mary Anne was downstairs.
Shed be searching for answers, and I didnt have any to give yet.
She was up and waiting a few feet from the front door.
Mary Annes face flashed with relief when we walked into the house.
Her eyes locked on mine, sending me a silent message that would probably have been thank god, had it been in words.
I tried to tell her Of course with mine, but for all I knew it came across as I want you.
Her long red hair was wet, bringing thoughts of what the rest of her looked like fresh from the shower.
How was I thinking about that?
Maybe because it was a far better alternative to thinking about what Hunter had just shown me.
And because it was something I couldnt have.
I couldnt have it because of a stupid wolf in the woods that may have caused our accident.
Where were you? She asked both Hunter and me, but I knew she hadn't really cared where he was.
She wanted to get as far away from him as possible.
I had no doubt about that.
I was just showing Gage a few things. Hunters voice dropped back into his softer octave.
The way he talked to her versus me was like night and day.
Things you couldn't show me? Her voice was laced with a mix of suspicion and insult.
Only Mary Anne would have been insulted at a time like that.
She was probably calling him sexist inside her head.
Things you don't need to worry about. He strode over to where she sat on the couch, but he didn't sit down.
He just towered over her.
There are other things I'll need to show you.
My stomach churned at the innuendo I was positive were in his words.
It also strengthened my determination to keep him from spending time alone with her.
There was no way he was getting an opportunity to demonstrate anything of that sort.
Gage. Hunter turned to me.
Chet will take you back to his house so you can shower.
You will start working this afternoon.
Working? Somehow that topic hadnt come up on our snowmobile expedition.
Yes, working.
Everyone has to pull their own weight here.
Will I be working too? Mary Anne crossed her legs and sat up.
Yes. Hunter smiled at her.
I'm sure we can find plenty of jobs for you.
I shook my head vehemently.
I can do all the work for both of us. Whatever jobs he had in mind for her, she didnt need to do them.
You will be doing different jobs. Hunter smiled, and I wanted to punch him.
I knew he was just messing with me, trying to make me angry, and it worked.
Only I couldnt let him know just how far under my skin he was getting.
Let's go. Chet held open the front door.
I thought about arguing, but Hunter's glare kept my mouth shut.
What would happen to Mary Anne if I was gone?
I also knew that gone likely equaled dead.
Everyone was already going to think I was.
All right.
I'll be back as soon as possible. I hoped Mary Anne understood what I was doing.
Playing along didnt mean I was giving up on getting us out.
I needed her to play along too, but she couldnt give up.
Giving up for her would mean turning herself over to Hunters will.
Id die before I let that happen.
That animal wasnt laying a hand on her.
Hunter dismissed Chet and Falcon.
I'll meet you out there once Marni gets here.
I felt relief wash over me.
Hunter wouldn't be alone in the house with her.
I didnt like any of the wolves, but Marni seemed like the most harmless.
I also realized my radar could have been completely wrong.
Maybe she was just as bad.
Still, I preferred her to the others.
At least Marni didnt seem interested in getting in her pants.
* Chapter Sixteen Mary Anne Chapter Sixteen Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Sixteen Mary Anne
Marni was the only sane one of the bunch, and I'm using sane loosely.
She was supposedly helping me find work to do around the house, but really she was babysitting me.
Im not sure how she got stuck with that job, but my guess is it had to do with her gender.
Hunter didnt seem to like leaving me alone with any of the other guys, and I also sensed he was trying to put me at ease.
He was waiting for me to let my guard down so he could slip in.
The thought sent shivers through me.
Hunter wasnt going to be an easy man to keep at bay.
Wolf or not, he was all muscle and brute strength.
He was also determined.
He seemed like the type of guy who always got what he wanted.
I wondered how hed handle things if he didnt.
Probably not well.
We could bake something. Marni hopped up onto the old laminate kitchen counter top.
Hunter loves chocolate chip cookies.
Bake?
I'm a girl, so I'm into baking? Say gender stereotypes much?
Besides, how was I going to bake with everything else going on?
Would you rather be outside in the cold? Marni nodded toward the small dusty window.
Does that really appeal to you?
I looked out at the snowy terrain.
Not really, but it's not fair that Gage is stuck out there. I gathered that the cold didn't bother the wolves much, but it would bother Gage.
Hed been out there for over an hour already.
Then let's make cookies.
I always keep chocolate chips here. She swung her legs.
There was something so childlike about Marni.
In another place and time I might have enjoyed her company.
Do you have a kitchen in your house? Id yet to be allowed outside of Hunters home, so I wasnt sure of the layout of the other places.
I still didnt quite understand how the homestead, or whatever it was Hunter called it, worked.
The only thing I did know was that Hunter was clearly in charge, and no one seemed interested in challenging him.
There was a hierarchy I didnt quite understand, and I knew there were other members of the pack I still hadnt met.
Yes, She hopped off the counter.
But we always cook and eat communally.
Why?
Why not?
Who likes to do things alone?
I cant wait until I can move in with Chet.
I'm tired of living by myself. She got a far off look on her face.
I love living alone. At least I loved having a single room in the dorm.
Id have spent most of my nights at the library if Id ended up with a roommate.
And if I had one like Genevieves, the kind that came with a built in boyfriend, it would have been even worse.
You like living alone? She gaped at me like I had two heads.
She was the one whod admitted to being able to turn into a wolf.
Yes. I answered honestly.
There didnt seem to be any reason to deny it.
What did I care if a wolf thought I was anti-social?
I guess that means you didn't live with Gage. Her lips twisted up into a smile.
I didnt like it.
She had Chet.
She needed to stop sending signals that she found Gage attractive.
On top of everything else I didnt need competition in the form of a peppy and sexy wolf.
No.
I live in a dorm. My tiny dorm room sounded perfect at the moment.
Or at least perfect if Gage came with it.
Lived.
You don't live there anymore.
I will again.
You guys cant keep us here forever.
People are going to look for us. I pulled the sleeves of my borrowed sweater over my hands.
It was big on me, so I wasnt stretching it out.
She shook her head.
No they aren't.
Yes they will.
She pursed her lips.
If I tell you something, will you promise not to freak out?
Promise not to freak out?
That would be hard to do, but I knew that any information I could get was helpful, so I nodded.
Yes.
Yes, what?
I need to know youre serious.
I wont freak out. Saying the words was easy, but it only made me more nervous.
Hunter took Gage to see something today.
Oh? My stomach twisted.
So this is what he couldnt include me in.
Hunter wanted Gage to realize how permanent your new living situation is.
I think he should have taken you too, but he thought you'd get upset.
Hunter is really protective of you.
What did he show Gage? I waited with bated breath.
Your truck.
What are you talking about?
Did they fix it? I was being delusional again.
That seemed to be a running theme for me lately.
It's not getting fixed. She started pulling things from the cabinets.
What does that mean?
Just spit it out. I was losing patience.
She set aside the flour and sugar.
He destroyed the truck.
Who did? I knew exactly whod done it, but I wanted her to say it.
Why?
Hunter.
He burned it.
And isn't the why obvious?
Obvious? Nothing was obvious anymore.
Nothing made sense or added up.
Its like logic went out the door the second the truck left the road.
That even applied to me.
Having sex with Gage like that?
There was nothing logical about that decision.
He wanted people to think you guys died. She took out a carton of eggs.
What? My throat tightened, and I held onto the back of a chair for support.
No.
No one's going to believe it. The news explained Gages face.
I knew he was hiding something.
Hed seen something that scared him, and Gage didnt scare easily.
He knew we were trapped.
They won't?
They haven't heard from you since you two left the city.
You already told us your phones didnt work.
Now the charred remains will be found, what else would they think?
Wait.
Charred remains?
Will they find bodies? My chest clenched.
Had they killed people for the ruse?
I knew the wolves were ruthless, but I didnt take them to be cold-blooded murders.
Theyll find bodies, but dont worry they were dead first. She wasnt smiling, but she wasnt upset.
She was accepting what was happening to Gage and me way too well.
I needed to remember that Marni wasnt any safer than the others.
She wanted us there just as much.
For some reason she believed that if Hunter had me she could be with Chet.
I didnt quite understand it, but I did understand her thinking.
A girl will go to desperate lengths to get the guy she wants.
I knew that my happiness or security wouldnt get in her way.
We had no allies.
We were all alone in a messed up situation, and I had no idea where we were going to turn.
After the initial wave of relief that no one was killed passed, the tears started, and I got dizzy.
My parents couldnt think I was dead.
They just couldnt.
It would destroy them.
I needed to get away from the wolves before they got the news.
I couldnt let either of my parents go through that.
I shook my head.
No.
Yes.
I didn't tell you to upset you.
Then why did you? I didnt hide the iciness in my voice.
I was angry, and I wasnt in the mood to play nice.
No one was doing it for me.
The baking cookies charade wasnt for my benefit.
So you'd accept that you're with us to stay.
Even if Hunter hadn't wanted you, once you saw what we were you couldn't leave.
It's too risky. She pulled out a measuring cup and opened the flour.
Evidently she wasnt letting our conversation derail her baking plans.
Then why show us?
Do I have to hit you over the head with it?
I knew she didn't mean the large bag of flour in her hands.
I still don't get it.
It doesn't matter, does it?
I mean he wants you; he has you.
You might as well get used to it and stop fighting.
You're only going to make things harder for yourself and Gage.
Do you think Hunters going to hurt him? Maybe Marni could be helpful.
The only good thing about her attraction to Gage was that it was possible shed want him to stay around, and to stay alive.
If he gets in the way of what Hunter wants, and what he wants is youthen, yes.
I shivered.
Ok.
Lets make those cookies.
She measured out the sugar.
I'm glad you get it.
I decided to play the only cards I had.
Our situation looked bleak, but I refused to let it get any worse.
At least not for Gage.
Please help me protect him.
I'll do what I can, but it's mostly going to come down to you.
I know, I whispered the words.
Hunters not that bad, She said almost as quietly.
Not that bad?
I beg to differ. We had to find a way to leave, but until then I had to protect Gage.
He was the only thing I had left.
* Chapter Seventeen Gage Chapter Seventeen Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Seventeen Gage
Chopping wood wasn't a new experience, but somehow doing it under Hunter's watchful eye made it seem more like a punishment than usual.
That says a lot since it was never a favorite on the long list of chores my father gave me in the winters growing up.
Still, there was something reassuring about the familiar, so I gladly picked up the axe and started splitting a pile of wood.
I was mildly surprised they were allowing me to hold a sharp object, but they knew, as well as I did, that I wouldnt be able to take out all of them, and Id never manage to get to Mary Anne fast enough no matter what distraction I created.
It was amazing how quickly my priorities had changed.
Time and again I was giving up my chance to escape in order to protect her.
At another point in my life I may have thought it made me weak, but now it made me feel stronger.
There was someone else in the world relying on me, and I wasnt going to let her down.
I threw the axe back again, putting my full energy into splitting up the wood.
Despite my annoyance, there was something nice about building up a sweat.
I was generally an active person, and sitting around wasnt my thing.
You can use an axe. Hunter made it sound like he was shocked.
I chopped another large piece of wood and set aside the axe.
Why does that surprise you?
You aren't as much of a pretty boy as I had you pegged.
Pretty boy? I was ready to pick up the axe again.
That was a term that didnt apply to me at all.
Compared to most guys at Eastern University, I might as well have been a mountain man.
I had the look to go along with the experience working outdoors.
Mayville wasnt exactly a glamorous town.
I think its what made me so popular with the girls in Boston.
I was different from the usual guys they knew even if I wore the same clothes.
He grinned, You're easy to piss off.
And you can make a joke?
Sometimes. He picked up his axe, but he kept his eyes on me.
We continued splitting the wood without talking.
The forest was quiet except for the sound of the axe breaking through the wood.
Even Chet and Falcon stopped arguing as we finished working.
These wolves must have saved up all their wood chopping for the season, because it took a full hour to finish.
I tossed my last piece onto the pile and followed Chet into the shed to hang up the axes.
I took in the inventory for future reference.
Shovels, axes, rakes, a mower, and a pair of handcuffs.
Handcuffs?
What the heck did they need those for?
I'd be careful.
I turned to Chet.
Careful of what?
Pissing off Hunter.
Do what he says and accept the girl's not yours anymore.
Why the hell do you care?
He grunted.
I'd rather not have to clean up the mess.
I eyed the tools again.
Don't get any ideas, Chet added.
You'll be dead before you have it off the hook.
He was probably right, but he didnt need to worry.
I wasnt planning on doing anything yet.
Chopping wood wasn't a new experience, but setting traps was.
I was ready to go inside to check on Mary Anne, but Hunter told me I had to go with Falcon.
My first reaction was that I was stepping into a trap myself.
Go off into the woods and leave Hunter to go back into the house with Mary Anne?
Besides, Falcon seemed like the loosest cannon of the bunch.
I didnt particularly want to be left alone with him.
I tried to come up with any excuse to stay, but Hunter didn't give me the chance.
The sooner you go, the sooner you come back. He had a point, but not one I wanted to admit.
I grudgingly walked with Falcon through the snow.
Arent you wolves?
Why set traps?
He pushed me ahead of him.
We need a lot of meat.
We can't hunt too much on our land, so between hunting trips we supplement with what we catch here.
Hunters big on keeping things on the down low.
And you arent? I mumbled.
Dont be a smart ass.
I dragged the traps as we moved deeper into the forest.
Eventually he told me to stop, and I watched as he expertly set up the first trap in the brush.
It was a snare by the looks of it.
I wasnt sure what animals they were hoping to catch, but I didnt want to know.
I didnt plan on staying around long enough to have to eat whatever it was.
He moved back to standing and gestured for me to continue up the makeshift trail.
I looked back down the way we came before doing what he asked.
So how is she? His voice came from closer than I liked.
Couldnt a guy get any breathing room?
His question only made me angry, so I ignored him.
Come on, shes got to be good with the way youre acting over her.
Id love to get a taste of those little tits of hers.
Was he kidding?
Because Hunter wasnt enough?
And to talk about her that way?
It wasnt happening.
Shut.
The.
Fuck.
Up.
Hey now.
Whats the problem?
Youve got to be used to guys wanting a taste of her.
I spun around, coming face-to-face with him.
I dont put up with guys trying that.
Well, Hunter will be getting his fill.
He probably has already. He grinned.
And I cant wait to get mine. He licked his lips.
I didnt think, I just swung.
I realized my mistake as soon as my fist hit his face, and he was smiling and my fist hurt like hell.
If I hadnt grasped it at that point, I would have seconds later when his fist made contact with my face, and I ended up sprawled on my back in the snow.
Falcons laughter came from directly above me.
Weak little human.
Just give it up.
Youve lost your piece of ass.
Hunters got her.
If I was in charge Id have had her in front of you the second you walked into the house.
Thats how to do things.
Show the inferiors how powerless they are.
I struggled to move, but my whole body hurt.
What is it?
No snarky comment this time?
Just make it easy on yourself.
I sat up.
No one is touching Mary Anne.
He laughed, offering no assistance as I stood up.
That was good.
I didnt want his help.
Falcon was a piece of work.
From what I gathered he hadnt been with the pack long, and he seemed the most likely to want to challenge Hunter.
I might be able to use him to my advantage later.
Despite the massive headache and sore hand, punching Falcon had been worth it.
No one was going to talk about Mary Anne that way.
I may not have been as strong as the wolves, but they werent going to keep us down.
There wasnt a chance of that.
***
What happened? Mary Anne gently touched the bruising around my eye.
Shed run right over when I walked in, and I didnt miss the annoyance on Hunters face.
I resisted the urge to grin at him.
I wasnt in the mood to add another shiner.
Just got into an argument.
Nothing big.
I now had Hunters attention.
Not that I care about the kids face, but what happened, Falcon?
Falcon shoved his hands into his back pockets.
He hit me first.
I was just defending myself.
Hunter shook his head at me.
You really are more stupid than I thought.
Mary Anne watched me worriedly.
Could someone get me some ice?
I smiled.
I couldnt help it.
Was she really going to try to ice my black eye?
If he wants ice he can get some snow from outside. Hunter didnt find her attention quite as cute as I did.
I wonder why?
Ill get it myself. She stepped away.
Hunter moved to block the front door.
No you wont.
Its cold out.
I havent been outside all day.
I think I can handle a few minutes in the cold.
A beeping sound went off in the kitchen.
I tensed before I realized it was a timer.
Understandably I was a little bit jumpy.
Cookies are ready. Marni walked into the kitchen.
Come help me pull them out, Mary Anne.
Cookies?
You guys made cookies?
Chocolate chip.
Hunters favorite. There was something in the look Marni gave me that came across as a warning.
She was trying to keep me away from Mary Anne too.
When would these people realize that I wasnt staying away?
The more they pushed, the harder I was going to push back.
Mary Anne was leaving with me, and there was nothing they could do about it.
* Chapter Eighteen Mary Anne Chapter Eighteen Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Eighteen Mary Anne
I couldnt spend another afternoon making cookies or doing whatever ridiculous job Marni came up with for me.
I also couldnt stand being so close to Gage without being able to touch him.
It wouldnt have changed anything, but I still longed to hold his hand.
The storm had passed, but it had left behind a hefty coat of snow on the ground, and the blistering cold wasnt going anywhere.
Hunter continued to insist I spend my nights in his bed, and he continued to sleep on the floor.
Gage only got that one night in the guest room.
After that he was forced to stay at Chets.
Evidently hed taken a swing at Falcon, but he was the one whod been knocked down.
Long after his black eye started to fade he was still under close scrutiny by the wolves.
For my part I was glad hed punched him.
Falcon just kept getting creepier with me.
Hunter was annoying, but at least he kept the innuendo and looks to a minimum.
The highlight of my average day was my shower.
As pathetic as it sounds, it was the one time that I could pamper myself, when I could pretend that things were normal.
The first few times I worried about someone walking in on me, but Hunter kept the other wolves out of his room, and he was good at giving me privacy.
I closed my eyes, savoring the feel of the hot water running down my back.
For such a rustic place, Hunter hadnt skimped on the hot water heater.
I wanted to stay under the spray all day, but I knew I couldnt, so I reluctantly turned the water off.
I heard the squeak of the door.
Hunter? It wasnt like him to walk in on me, but maybe he was tired of playing the gentleman.
He didnt answer.
Hello?
With the water off, the cold started to seep in.
Maybe I had imagined the noise.
I slowly opened the shower door so I could reach for my towel.
The towel was handed to me.
Here you go, hun.
Falcon? I grabbed the towel and slammed the door shut.
Get out of here.
I was just making sure you were all right.
Youve been in here a long time.
Wheres Hunter?
Already done asking for Gage?
Poor guy.
This is Hunters room. Although I knew he was just playing with me, I hated his insinuation.
I had no interest in Hunter, and I never would.
The Dires do it better, dont they?
Dires?
So Hunter hasnt told you yet, huh?
I dont know what youre talking about, but you need to get out of here.
Are you sure I cant get a little peek? Through the steamy glass I saw him moving closer.
Get out of here before I call for Hunter.
That did the trick.
Anytime you change your mind, just let me know.
I waited until I was sure he was gone before stepping out of the shower and quickly getting dressed.
So much for enjoying my showers.
I debated telling Hunter about the intrusion, but my gut told me to keep my mouth shut.
Hunter would be more loyal to a member of his pack than he was to me.
The days started to blur together.
It had been less than a week, but I felt like it might as well have been a month.
Gage and I barely saw each other.
Hunter kept him so busy around the property, and other than meals, we rarely crossed paths.
When we did see each other we kept our conversations to a minimum, but the looks he sent me said everything.
He was worried and just as determined as I was to find a way out.
I still couldnt believe hed stuck around.
Hunter had said he wouldnt let him leave, but he had so many more chances than I did.
He was there for me, and that knowledge both made my heart soar and twisted my gut with guilt.
Saying goodnight to Gage each night was always tough.
I wanted to sleep in his arms, and without him telling me, I knew he wanted exactly the same thing.
The day after the shower incident I sat in my usual spot on the couch after everyone else had left the house for the night.
The hours after dinner were always the hardest.
Hunter made everyone else leave, and it was just the two of us sitting around by the fire.
He never tried anything with me, but his eyes told me just how much he wanted to.
Usually we fell into a quasi- comfortable silence where I daydreamed about getting away.
Before the ill- fated road trip Id always daydreamed about Gage.
I couldnt anymore.
At least not in the way I had before.
What are you thinking about? Hunter broke the silence, setting aside a tattered book.
Nothing really.
What book is that?
This? He picked up the book again.
Its _Moby Dick_.
Oh.
Ive never read it.
He handed the book over.
Then read it.
Oh, its okay.
Youre reading it.
Ive read it more times than I can count already.
I want you to read it.
I want to know what you think of Ahab.
Ahab?
Isnt that the crazy captain? I may not have read the book, but I knew enough from pop culture.
Just read it.
Reading seemed like a good way to pass the time, so I nodded.
I havent had time to read for fun in months.
College keeps you busy?
Exactly.
Ive considered college, but it was never a real possibility.
Because of your work here? I was reaching for straws and trying to tread carefully on thin ice all at once.
He shook his head.
No, we havent been here long.
We just have to be careful.
Careful of what?
Dont worry about it. He looked into the fire.
I needed to know.
I had a feeling that my only chance of escape was to develop a better understanding of Hunter.
On the surface he made no sense.
He was keeping me in his bed without touching me, yet he was interested.
Something wasnt adding up.
Please tell me.
Why?
You still havent told me anything about yourself.
Yes I have.
You know Im in college and from Mayville.
You only told me those things to be polite.
Youve never told me anything personal.
Youve never shared your secrets.
You havent given me a reason to.
He looked as though hed been slapped.
Havent I treated you well?
Well?
Youre keeping me here against my will.
You made it look like I was dead.
My parents think that Im dead. Saying the words hadnt become easier.
Who told you that? He asked suspiciously.
You havent been alone with Gage.
It doesnt matter.
I know.
Its easier this way.
Why should they spend months searching for someone theyll never find?
I shivered.
Why wont you let me go?
There have to be girls who would willingly be with you. It was harsh, but true.
You think thats it?
You think thats why you cant leave?
What other reason is there?
Its not like people would believe us if we said you were wolves.
You wouldnt have to move.
Were not the only ones who know youre here.
What does that mean?
Youve talked about the danger of the outside before.
What arent you telling me?
Tell me something. He sat down next to me on the couch.
Tell me something youve never told anyone.
And if I do?
Ill tell you everything you want to know.
Everything?
His lips twisted up into a devastatingly handsome smile.
Id never considered Hunter handsome before, more tough, but this particular smile softened him somehow.
Most.
Im not smart.
I mean Im above average, but everyone thinks Im a genius.
The truth is, I study like crazy and stay up all night just to stay on top of my work.
And thats a secret no one knows? He rested his hand next to mine.
No one.
Not even Gage?
Definitely not Gage.
He smiled again.
Youre smart.
I understand what youre saying though, and theres nothing wrong with that.
Your turn.
Tell me.
Why cant I leave?
Are you comfortable?
I nodded.
Yes.
Please keep your word.
I was planning too, but this might take a while.
Oh. I pulled my legs up under me.
Im comfortable.
Wolves arent the only paranormal creatures out there.
Meaning what?
There are others?
Tons.
Lots of different shifters, witches, and even vampires are real.
Vampires?
I wouldnt worry about them.
Theyre pretty much the lowest of the low.
Oh. I nodded, not sure what I believed but desperate to hear more.
Witches though you need to be careful with.
Theyre powerful.
Theyre stronger than you?
Physically?
No.
But they can mess with your mind.
Especially a humans mind.
They can make you do almost anything and everything.
Some witches can also control you physically.
Are there witches around?
Yes.
A powerful and misguided Coven lives on the land surrounding ours.
They have helped to cloak us, but I never should have entered into any agreement with them.
These arent the good kind of witches, Mary Anne.
An agreement?
They cloak us, and we turn a blind eye to what they do.
What do they do?
What do you ignore?
I dont want to frighten you.
Frighten me?
Im being held captive by wolves, how much scarier can these witches be?
He looked torn for a moment, like he didnt know if he should continue.
They use slaves.
Human slaves.
What? I moved away from him.
You let that happen?
Were in hiding, Mary Anne. He spoke so softly I could barely hear him.
In hiding? That explained a lot.
I knew there was something strange about the set up.
Were not ordinary wolves.
Were Dire Wolves and that makes us especially dangerous to the powers that be.
The powers that be? There was that word again.
Dire.
He nodded.
The Society.
The King.
But none of that matters.
Ill keep you safe.
What makes a Dire Wolf different?
Were bigger and much stronger.
Like I said, were more dangerous to the King.
None of this explains why I cant leave.
I promise not to tell.
He sighed.
The witches know youre here.
Theyre angry and youd never get far.
What?
How do they know that?
Do you remember how your accident came to be?
Something jumped in front of the car.
Gage hit the brakes, and we spun out.
It wasnt an accident.
Who jumped in front?
Hunter turned away.
Who jumped in front?
Chet.
What?
We were only trying to protect the humans around here.
They started taking innocent people.
Chet figured that any guy whod drive these roads in a winter storm deserved the witches plans for him.
My stomach turned.
Gage didnt deserve to be a slave.
No, but who does?
We had to choose someone.
Chet didnt realize Gage wasnt alone.
Thats why he didnt take him.
When we went to check it out we saw you.
So it was all in the plans?
Why not just take us to them?
Why let us walk?
Because I saw your face.
My face?
And your hair. He picked up a few strands.
You look just like her, Mary Anne.
And youre so beautiful. He gently caressed my cheek.
And once I met you, I learned more.
Youre so full of life, so good, so deserving of love and protection.
I couldnt let you fall into the hands of such evil.
I couldnt let that happen again.
Who do I look like?
Was she a girlfriend?
What happened to her?
Cant we continue this another night?
No.
Were going to continue this right now.
Its late.
We should go to bed.
No.
Please, I pleaded.
Well talk tomorrow night. He started to put out the fire.
Why?
Why are you stopping?
Because I dont want to keep you up all night.
The story is that long? I wrapped my arms around myself.
I was suddenly freezing.
No.
The story is that frightening.
* Chapter Nineteen Gage Chapter Nineteen Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Nineteen Gage
Were going hunting. Hunter said the words stoically, like he was making an announcement of epic proportions.
Oh, yeah? I was learning where to draw the line with the guy.
If I pushed it too far he let me know it, but I couldnt just stick to yes or no answers either.
When I did that he always got suspicious.
Yes.
Theres another storm coming through, and we cant wait any longer.
Im guessing Im being dragged on this little outing?
Absolutely not.
Youd slow us down.
We hunt in our animal form and bring home the meat.
Oh.
So are we staying home alone? I risked a wink at Mary Anne.
I promise we wont steal the car or stay out past curfew.
Thats a good one. Hunter didnt smile.
Falcon will be staying back.
What?
I dont get to go on the hunt? Falcon whined like a little kid.
We all have to contribute to this pack.
Your contribution this time is to watch them. Hunter gestured to me but looked at Mary Anne.
No surprise there.
Well bring home plenty of meat.
Does that mean we get to sleep in the same room? Mary Anne showed way too much excitement.
I silently cursed.
Was she trying to keep Hunter around?
Of course not. He shifted his weight from foot to foot.
You will remain in my room while Gage returns to the guest room.
Falcon will watch you both from the hall.
Falcon scowled.
This had better be my only time on babysitting detail.
You will do what I tell you if you want to remain part of this pack. Hunter wasnt a leader Id screw with if I were in his pack.
He was tough on me, but equally tough on the others.
I knew from experience what it was like to be on his bad side, and I wouldnt have wanted to bring that on myself voluntarily.
Will you be gone long? Mary Anne thankfully made it sound like she was asking out of curiosity and not because she didnt want him around.
A few days.
If you need anything, Falcon will be able to find us.
Im sure well be fine. She bit her lip, and I knew she was trying hard not to smile.
Maybe you can use these few days to reconsider your feelings on sharing a bed with me.
Not that I mind the floor.
I still couldnt quite believe that the guy was doing that.
Not that I didnt understand the effect Mary Anne could have on a man.
Id been playing our time in the truck together on repeat night after night.
It was what was getting me through the hell of living with the wolves.
Maybe. She glanced down at the floor.
She was learning.
At first Mary Anne seemed to be playing along with everything, then she fought him tooth and nail, and now she seemed to have found a balance.
She held him at bay physically, but I sensed she tried to keep things personable otherwise.
I didnt like her near the guy, but there was nothing I could do.
At least there wasnt before.
With everyone but Falcon leaving, we might finally have our chance to escape.
When do you leave? I tried to sound disinterested, but I was already formulating a plan.
I needed to know exactly how much time I had to execute it.
Tomorrow at dusk.
Well spend tomorrow preparing, so dont think youre going to get out of work.
I wasnt planning on it.
Good.
Falcon will also be making sure you continue to do your jobs when were gone.
The next few days are not a vacation or a chance to play patty cake with Mary Anne.
Patty cake?
Is that what you think Im going to do with my I stopped myself just in time before I could say girlfriend.
I nearly ruined my charade of moving on.
My friend? I knew he didnt buy a word of it, but he still wanted to hear it.
Im sure you had lots of friendly activities planned. He glared at me.
But remember my rules.
Your rules?
I wasnt sure there were any.
My rules that required you to keep a reasonable distance from her.
Whether shes going back to her fathers home or not, I cant have you doing anything inappropriate.
And sleeping in the same room with her isnt inappropriate. I couldnt shut up.
Sometimes words just came out of my mouth.
This is my home, Gage.
It would be good to remember that.
I remember, I mumbled.
Good.
Now get to work.
I didnt need to be dismissed twice.
I put on my boots and followed Chet outside.
In less than forty-eight hours wed be out of there.
I could hardly wait.
***
Hunter kissed Mary Anne goodbye on the mouth.
It was a small kiss, and by Mary Annes frazzled face she wasnt expecting it, but I knew exactly what the action meant.
He was warning me.
He was marking his territory and reminding me to stay away.
I nodded, pretending to be the good dog he expected me to be while internally cursing him.
Who was he to touch her lips?
They werent his.
They were mine.
The thought took me by surprise.
That wasnt a protective thought, it was a possessive thought.
The wolves were rubbing off on me.
Have a safe, uh, trip. Mary Anne awkwardly recovered from the unwanted contact.
She just stared at him wide eyed.
The expression told me everything I needed to know.
He hadnt kissed her before.
Id assumed that, but I hadnt been sure.
We hadnt exactly had lots of time to talk.
Thank you.
Maybe youll finish reading while Im gone.
She smiled.
I will.
Im at a good spot.
Reading?
I decided not to ask.
I didnt want to prolong Hunters departure any longer than absolutely necessary.
Marni hugged Mary Anne.
I didnt know the female wolf well, but if the affectionate gesture meant anything, Mary Anne definitely knew her.
I heard the girls exchange a few whispered words, and then Marni looked at me.
I wasnt sure what the discussion was about, but I didnt worry about it.
I just needed them to leave.
Falcon, I expect things to be exactly as I left them when I return. The implication in Hunters words wasnt missed by anyone.
He meant Mary Anne.
He was warning his man to keep me away from her.
If I was right, he was trusting the last wolf he should have been with that job.
Falcon nodded stiffly.
Of course.
Bring back the good stuff.
Dont we always? Semi smiled.
Thats only because Im with you.
Enough of this pissing contest, lets go. Marni tugged on Semis arm.
Bye. I waved as the group walked out the door.
As soon as the door closed behind them Falcon turned to us with a smile.
So kids?
Ready for the fun to start?
Mary Anne coughed.
Were not going to cause any trouble.
You can relax.
Relax? He laughed.
Not likely.
Hunter would kill me if I didnt keep my eye on you. His eyes roamed up and down her body.
We all knew that wasnt what Hunter meant.
Was the leader that blind to Falcons interest in her?
But maybe that was the point?
He thought Falcons interest meant hed try harder to keep me away, yet he wouldnt dare touch her himself?
I needed to stop trying to apply psychological logic to these wolves.
It wasnt getting me anywhere.
***
After a few hours of sitting around doing absolutely nothing, Falcon finally got up.
Dont move an inch. He looked back and forth between us.
Im talking to both of you.
I nodded.
We wont.
He must have been satisfied by my response because he walked down the hall to the bathroom.
This is it.
Our only chance. I kept my voice low even though Falcon had left the room.
The wolves had insanely good hearing, and I wasnt sure exactly how far the range went.
I know.
But how? Mary Anne glanced at the closed bathroom door.
Were lucky he didnt leave the door open to do that.
Theres only one way.
I dont like it, and neither will you.
She sighed and glanced at the fire.
I know what youre going to say.
Do you? I waited to see if shed say it herself.
I need to seduce him. She cringed as she said the words.
Im glad youre the one who said it out loud first. I was relieved I didnt have to suggest it.
If our plan failed, I was putting her in a dangerous situation, but if we didnt escape she might be in an even worse one.
And youll need the handcuffs from the shed.
Handcuffs?
Yeah, weird I know.
Who knows who they belong to?
This isnt going to be easy.
No one said it would be.
The toilet flushed, and we jumped apart from each other.
Hed only given us two minutes alone, but it was the first private conversation wed had in days.
The door burst open.
Did I miss anything?
No. Mary Anne shook her head a little too frantically.
She needed to calm down.
She couldnt blow things when we were so close.
Good.
I wouldnt want to have to invite you in next time, would I? He checked her out again.
What a sick bastard.
I assumed he wasnt talking about her watching while he took a shit, but who the hell knew with this piece of work?
I didnt want to throw her to the wolvesfiguratively and literally, by making her do the dirty work, but I didnt have any other ideas.
Falcon wasnt as sharp as the others, but we still werent likely to slip past him.
Im going to go upstairs and read. Mary Anne patted the worn book in her hands.
I figured it was one Hunter had given her.
Oh yeah? His eyes were on her chest and not her face.
After a minute he turned to me.
And how about you?
What are you going to be doing?
I shrugged.
I dont know.
I could use some sleep.
Fine.
I can arrange that. I nodded, and he smiled.
Glad to know youre being cooperative.
Do I really have another option?
No.
We went upstairs, and Falcon followed me inside the guest room while Mary Anne walked into Hunters room.
I wasnt surprised when Falcon double checked the bars on the windows.
Yes, bars.
Hunter had them on every window in the house.
I also wasnt surprised when my door locked from the outside when he left.
I was relying on that.
Falcon wasnt wasting his chance to spend time alone with Mary Anne.
Maybe the seduction would be easier than we thought.
* Chapter Twenty Mary Anne Chapter Twenty Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty Mary Anne
I knew Falcon was watching me from the hallway.
Id purposely left the door to Hunters room open just enough that hed have a clear view while thinking I didnt know.
I stretched out on the bed, attempting to look sexy while pretending to read a book.
I flipped my hair back and ran a hand down my chest.
If I was going to play this game, then I was really going to play it.
I stared at two random pages in the book.
Id already finished Moby Dick, but Falcon didnt need to know that.
I moaned.
I figured adding some sound effects couldnt hurt.
I heard a floor board creak outside the door.
Hed know that I heard it too.
You doing all right in there?
Sure.
You can come in. I braced myself.
I could do this.
Good book? He gestured to the book in my hands.
He stood in the doorway.
I held up _Moby Dick_.
Yeah.
I didnt expect it to get me so worked up though.
Worked up? He stepped into the room, his boots clomping on the wood floor.
Yeah.
I dont want to catch a giant whale, but I want my desires fulfilled if you know what I mean. Oh my god.
What was I even saying?
Your desires fulfilled? His lips twisted into a tight smile.
Forget it.
I understand that I cant find what I need here.
Cant find what you need? He strode over to the bed.
And what is it you need?
Control.
Control in the bedroom? He took another step closer.
Yes.
Thats why I havent given in to Hunter.
He doesnt get that I need to run things.
At least the first time. I sounded like a complete idiot, but miraculously Falcon didnt seem to notice.
Run things?
Yeah.
I already told you I want to be in control. I set aside the book.
Have you ever let a girl take control before?
No.
I tend to dominate if you know what I mean. He arched an eyebrow.
I do know. I sat up.
Maybe you should give the submissive role a chance sometime.
I bet youd like it.
Oh yeah? He sat down on the edge of the bed.
Would I?
Definitely. I swallowed hard.
I had to make this work.
I scooted closer to him.
Youd love it.
Too bad youre Hunters.
I might have been interested in seeing if you were right.
I stood up and moved in front of him.
Do you always listen to Hunter?
Hes Alpha.
For now I dont have a choice.
Thats too bad. I stepped back.
I was even going to agree to take turns.
He looked up at me through lidded eyes.
Hunter isnt here.
No he isnt. I moved closer.
How do I know you arent trying to get me in trouble?
Why would I do that? I pulled my sweater off over my head.
Is it hot in here or is it me?
Its you, but take off whatever youd like. His eyes zeroed in on the skin of my stomach exposed by my cami.
So whats it going to be?
What?
Are you going to let me take control?
Let me show you just how much fun we can have together? I ran a hand down my body.
I hoped it came off sexy rather than strange.
I dont know.
Defying Hunter is pretty big.
How do I know its going to be worth it?
Its going to be worth it. I took a deep breath before pulling the cami over my head.
His breath picked up.
Youre fucking hot.
I already told you I was.
He laughed.
How does this work?
I heard Marni talking about some handcuffs.
Marni?
Handcuffs?
Maybe using her name was a mistake.
Yeah.
She said they were in the shed.
You really think Im going to let you handcuff me? He raised an eyebrow.
Remember, were taking turns.
Wouldnt you like to do exactly the same thing to me? I unbuttoned my jeans, unzipping them slowly.
Arent you a little bit brave, hun?
Whats going to stop me from having you on my terms first?
You play by my rules and Hunter doesnt know.
And who knows, if we have as much fun as Im expecting maybe we can do it more often.
Ive noticed there arent too many girls around.
Not ones that look like you. He cupped my breasts through my bra.
I forced myself to moan instead of gag.
So whats it going to be?
Ill get the handcuffs, but if youve changed your mind by the time I get back youre going to have some trouble.
Why would I change my mind? I started to inch my jeans down.
That is unless you take too long.
If you do I might have to take things into my own hands.
He groaned.
Dont go anywhere.
As soon as I heard his footsteps on the stairs I unlocked Gages door.
If things went wrong, I wasnt leaving myself at Falcons mercy.
Falcon?
You coming? I yelled it for Gages benefit.
I didnt want him opening the door and messing things up.
Miss me? Falcon appeared at the top of the stairs.
Arent I allowed to be excited?
Youre allowed to be anything you want as long as the end result is me getting a piece of you.
Is that so? I tugged on his hand, pulling him into Hunters room.
If thats the case, start stripping.
Stripping?
Yes.
Im in control, remember? I pulled the handcuffs from his pocket careful to let my hand brush against the bulge in his pants.
And I want your clothes off.
Will you be taking off the rest of yours?
Later.
Now.
Ill let you play the game you want, but I get something first.
Those arent the rules.
He started to pull the handcuffs from me.
Yes they are.
Fine. I reached around and unclasped my bra.
I was doing this for my freedom, for Gage.
His hands were on me in seconds.
Such pretty little tits. He started to lower his mouth, but I pushed him back.
Its your turn.
Clothes off.
Yes, maam. He was grinning.
Taking off the bra had worked.
He pulled off his t-shirt, tossing it on the floor, before sliding off his jeans.
He started on his briefs, but I stilled his hand.
Not yet.
Thats my job.
Oh yeah?
Then do it. He challenged me.
His eyes were heated.
Lie down.
Take off more clothes.
Im already shirtless.
And I want to see what panties youre wearing.
Lie down then.
He lay down in the middle of the bed, and I slipped out of my jeans.
I was already half naked and so close to getting him restrained, if I could only get him to trust me a little more.
Pink.
Nice.
Hands on the headboard.
Youre really going to handcuff me?
We both know youre strong enough to break these anyway.
Arent you? I ran a hand over his bicep.
Yeah.
Oh course. His forehead creased, and I got my answer.
He couldnt break them, but he wouldnt admit it.
Perfect.
I leaned over him while I locked on the cuffs.
I was afraid that if I didnt hed change his mind.
Thank you, Falcon.
Thank you? he looked at me with confusion.
For being so cooperative. I picked up my clothes and started getting dressed.
You little bitch.
The little bitch with cute little tits, huh?
Right on cue Gage opened his door.
Ready, babe?
Ready.
Falcon struggled against the handcuffs.
I am going to fucking kill you, asshole.
And Ill have you too, you little twit!
I didnt wait.
If he struggled for much longer hed probably break the bed and free himself.
I jumped into my jeans and accepted Gages out stretched hand.
Falcons screaming carried all the way down the stairs as we ran into the snowy, frigidly cold night.
Hes going to be in a lot of trouble when Hunter gets home.
You mean because hes almost naked and handcuffed to Hunters bed, or because were missing?
Both.
Hunter didnt want me looking at you.
I cant imagine how hell handle any excuse Falcon could possibly throw his way.
***
The snow had started without me noticing.
I was prepared for the cold and wind, but not for the swirling flakes of snow and sleet that stung my face as they made contact with my skin.
We sure picked a great night to break out, Gage squeezed my hand.
Its not like we had a choice. We hurried through the cold night, trying not to look over our shoulder too often.
We were both afraid that we were being followed.
Theres no way were making it to town before daybreak. Somehow I hadnt thought this far ahead.
Getting out of the house was the farthest Id made it.
We need to find shelter.
But we cant stay around here.
The witches might find us.
Theyre probably watching the highway.
Witches?
Oh.
You dont know about them?
Gage laughed a Im losing my mind kind of laugh.
Nope.
I guess I missed that fire side chat.
His words stung whether he wanted them to or not.
My talks with Hunter werent by choice.
There are scary psycho witches around.
Are you sure he didnt just make them up?
Maybe he was trying to scare you from running away?
If he did, it didnt work.
No it didnt. Gage started heading away from the main highway.
At least he listened.
Theres some abandoned railroad tracks this way, and Im almost positive theres another road beyond them.
They caused the accident; the wolves did. It felt good to say it out loud.
Gage squeezed my hand.
I know.
I just dont know why.
I refused to look at him.
It was easy to do as we marched through the cold night.
They were going to give you to the witches, so they wouldnt take an innocent local as a slave.
The rest of that comment aside, I wouldnt have been innocent?
They thought driving through that snowstorm made you less worth saving I guess.
And you changed their mind?
Yeah.
I look like his ex or something.
Hunters? Gage picked up the pace slightly, and I worked to keep up.
Yeah.
Because thats not freaky at all.
No kidding but he never told me what happened to her.
Every time I brought it up he shut his mouth.
Im sure he has plenty of secrets.
Do you think theyre going to hunt us down?
I mean they do have our names, and they know where we are from.
Ive thought of that, but we cant afford to worry about that now.
Weve come this far.
I agree. My hood blew off from a strong gust of wind, so I secured it on my head again.
Its freezing out tonight.
Id have thought after all your time outside the past few days youd be immune, I teased.
It felt good to tease him.
Normal in a way nothing had been for days.
Not at all, besides it feels even colder.
I know.
And darker. There was only a sliver of the moon that night.
We walked through the blackness, aided only by the faint glow of the moon.
I repeatedly tripped over tree roots once we reached the woods, but Gage kept catching me before I fell face first into the snowy ground.
I think we found the railroad tracks. Gage bent down and started brushing snow off something.
So were getting close.
Closer.
Besides, maybe well get lucky and find some shelter around here.
Luck?
Whats that?
He laughed.
I think were both due a little bit of that.
The strong wind continued as we stumbled along.
My feet ached from the cold, but I didnt dare complain.
All Gage could do was pick me up and that would just slow us down.
Considering Id just seduced a werewolf, walking a few miles in the snow shouldnt have been so hard.
Whats that? I squinted my eyes, trying to make out a structure in the distance.
I dont know.
Lets find out.
What if its the witches?
If there are witches, and I say if, theyd find us no matter where we are, right?
Besides, what other choice do we have?
You do realize the last time you said that we saw the smoke and met the wolves.
True, but I dont see smoke.
Lets be careful.
We walked as quietly as possible, but even so our feet crunched on the icy top layer of the snow.
The tiny house looked decrepit, but it was definitely better than nothing.
No ones lived here in years. Gage pushed open the old wooden door of the house.
This is an old railway house.
Its been abandoned as long as the railroad.
Lets hope youre right.
Id tell you to wait here, but that might be just as dangerous.
We stay together.
Remember?
He took both of my hands in his.
Of course I do.
After releasing one of my hands, Gage walked into the small house first, but I followed just behind him.
The room was pitch black, and I wasnt sure how much further in we should walk, when Gage turned on a light.
You had a flashlight? I asked with surprise.
I was about to ask why hed let me spend hours tripping over tree roots when the obvious answer came to me.
A light would have attracted attention, which begged the question of why he had it on now.
And be careful with it.
He laughed.
I love that I know exactly how your mind went through all that.
Im only using it to search the house.
Once I know were alone and settled, Ill turn it off.
Are we really staying here? I asked, following closely behind.
I dont see another choice, do you?
We could try to make it to the road. My aching feet didnt exactly agree with me.
Its too late and too cold.
We at least need to stop for a few hours to warm up.
This place is way nicer than it looked from the outside. Despite a layer of dust, the room seemed pretty nice.
In another time I might have enjoyed the old house for its history.
Considering wed just escaped wolves and all we had was a flashlight, it didnt seem like the appropriate time.
I think this is the best spot. He put down his pack and started pulling out blankets before unrolling a sleeping bag.
It looked and felt just like the one in the truck.
Howd you find this?
The wolves must have pulled out some of our stuff before they burned it.
Are we going to use it again, for old times sake? My body warmed thinking about exactly what memories we made inside it.
It does hold a special place in my heart.
I laughed.
Our first time together was undoubtedly memorable.
Easily my most memorable experience. He slipped his hand up under my sweater.
Ive missed you so much.
Ive missed you too. I ran my fingers over his arm.
I need you. He kissed me hard on the mouth taking away any restraint I had.
I kissed him back.
He tasted so good, so strong, so intoxicating.
It felt like a lifetime since the last time his lips had been on mine, and I needed every touch of his I could get.
You can have me. The setting wasnt ideal, but I knew exactly how he felt.
Every inch of me craved him, and a week of bottled up emotions left me desperate for more of his touch.
I promise Im going to take care of you.
I promise that Ill never let you down again. His lips brushed against my ear.
You didnt let me down.
None of this was your fault.
Yes it was, but Ill make up for it.
I promise you that.
And I promise the same. If I was getting another chance at freedomat Gage, I wasnt messing it up.
I pushed away any doubts Hunter had put into my head.
He was only trying to upset me, to make me feel alone.
There was something real between Gage and me.
It went beyond my crazy fantasies and the years of pining.
If we were going to make it work Id have to move past those old dreams, to accept the real Gagethe one whose lips were currently moving to my neck and setting me on fire.
Make me forget everything, Gage.
You can forget everything except what happened in the truck.
Im not letting you forget that.
I dont ever want to forget that. I slipped my hand under the back of his sweater.
And I couldnt possibly forget it.
As crazy as this sounds, it was probably the best night of my life.
He chuckled.
Its not crazy, because I feel the same way.
But, MaryAnne? His hand cupped my chin.
Yes?
Contrary to these first few times, I will make things romantic.
I dont know what you mean.
What could be more romantic than the back of your truck or an abandoned house?
He laughed.
Just wait and see.
I plan on it.
* Chapter Twenty-One Gage Chapter Twenty-One Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-One Gage
I needed her.
I didnt care about where we were, I needed Mary Anne, and I was going to have her.
I pulled off her sweater and cami in one motion, discarding her bra just as quickly.
She pulled off my sweater and rewarded my bare skin with tiny kisses all around my neck and down to my chest.
I snapped myself out of the fog created by her touch long enough to slip off her jeans and panties.
I needed her naked.
I fondled one breast while my lips settled on the other.
She moaned, turning me on more.
My jeans tightened, but she gave me relief moments later when she undid my belt and released me.
She took me in her hand, gently stroking me without saying a word.
I slipped a hand between her legs.
She opened right up to me.
Gone was the hesitation shed shown in the truck.
Its as though our time apart had made hesitation pointless, and it made me realize how quickly something could be taken from you.
She was never being taken away from me again.
During the week we spent together as captives, I discovered my feelings for her went far deeper than a passing attraction.
Id have given anything to protect her, and I wanted herno needed her in my life.
Gage. She said my name so softly, so gently.
It matched the way her hand worked over me, but it was at odds with her heavy breathing.
Yeah?
I need you.
I know. I grazed my teeth over her nipple.
I need you too.
I dont want this to be it for us.
It wont be. The room was too dark to look directly into her eyes, but she needed to know that this wasnt a passing fling for me.
Were going to make it through this, and then we can be together anytime we want.
Anytime?
Anytime.
You better get used to having me around, because youre going to be seeing a lot of me at home and school.
Good.
That almost makes all this hell worth it.
Only almost? I moved my lips to her neck.
It got a little scary there for a second.
Just a second?
She laughed.
Lets stop talking about that.
I just want to think about us.
Me too.
She sighed as I positioned myself over her.
I didnt say anything, I just looked down at her, wishing there was more light.
I wanted to see herI wanted to memorize every inch of her body.
Thered be time for that later, but at the moment the only thing that mattered was having her, connecting with her in a physical way again.
Gage. She moaned my name as soon as I thrust into her.
She opened her legs, welcoming me back to what I knew was becoming my favorite place.
She reached up and wrapped her arms around my neck.
The action drove me wild.
Shed told me she wanted things hard, but I wanted to take her gentle this time, I wanted to show her that there was more to me than animalistic sex.
After being with the wolves I wanted to remind both of us that we were human.
My resolve lasted all of a minute.
She dug her nails into my back, and the primal side of me took over.
I needed her, and she needed me.
She moaned her agreement, encouraging me to continue with harder and deeper thrusts until neither of us could hold on any longer.
I stayed on top of her, not willing to pull out and leave the comfort that only she could provide.
When I did move, it was only to shift next to her and hold her in my arms.
I wasnt letting go.
***
I could get used to waking up with Mary Anne in my arms.
Very used to it.
Her body fit so perfectly in my arms, and her soft breathing made it seem like everything was okay, even if just for a moment.
Sunlight streamed in through a crack in the boards covering the windows.
She stirred.
Gage.
I grinned.
Goofy grinned.
She was dreaming about me.
At least I knew I was making an impression.
Morning, beautiful, I murmured into her neck, brushing my lips gently over her skin.
She mumbled again.
Gage?
It's me. I resisted the urge to add who else would it be?
It was too soon to mess with those wounds.
Its morning? She rubbed her eyes in an adorable way.
It is.
We survived the night. I trailed my fingers down her side.
Is it still snowing?
I can't tell yet. I reluctantly slipped out of the sleeping bag and peered out, not bothering to get dressed yet.
It should be illegal to have an ass like that.
I turned and laughed.
She blushed slightly.
What?
Not going to say the same thing about my front?
She blushed even more.
Is it snowing?
No.
Good. She sat up.
Can you hand me my clothes?
Hey, don't I get to ogle you too?
It's too cold.
Oh, youre cold? I got back into the sleeping bag.
We need to go.
If Ive learned anything the past few days it's that you never know when youll get another chance. I cupped both of her breasts with my hands.
Gage.
Mary Anne.
Is this when you tell me no?
No.
This is when I tell you yes. She moved on top of me, All that control talk with Falcon made me want to try this.
Wait.
You've never been on top before?
How much sex do you think I've had?
You said you weren't a virgin.
I wasn't, but let me put it this way.
You've officially doubled the amount of times.
Nice. I pulled her head down to mine.
I didn't want to corrupt an innocent girl, but I liked knowing she'd been with me way more than any other guy.
She fumbled under the blankets, trying to line us up.
I waited as patiently as possible.
There was something so cute about her inexperience, and I was afraid offering to help would kill her confidence.
A few moments later I got the pleasure I was waiting for.
She moved slowly on top of me until she got frustrated by the sleeping bag and unzipped it.
Freed from the confines of the bag, she moved faster, navigating me inside her with precision.
I closed my eyes and let her do whatever she wanted.
Being inside of her was a pleasure that nothing else could compare with.
All too soon I felt myself nearing release.
Her breathing picked up, and I hoped she was feeling half as good as I was.
She yelled out right before I shuddered, and she fell down on top of me.
Still cold? I asked once my breathing returned to normal.
Nope. She smiled.
Was that ok?
Okay? I ran my hands up and down her back.
No.
Her face fell.
Babe, it was great.
How could you not know that?
She buried her face in my shoulder.
I ran a hand through her hair.
Youre incredible and I cant wait to keep exploring with you.
So you're serious?
You want to see where things go?
No.
I don't just want to wait and see.
I want to be with you.
I dont plan on letting you out of my sight for a while.
She shivered.
We should go.
I know.
We got dressed quickly and packed up our stuff.
It was only after we stepped out into the cold that my fear returned.
We needed to find the road before the wolves found us first.
* Chapter Twenty-Two Mary Anne Chapter Twenty-Two Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-Two Mary Anne
Sex with Gage set me on fire.
The last two times there was something else there too.
An emotional connection that was impossible to ignore.
I followed him along the snow covered railroad tracks with a mix of anxiety and elation.
I knew we weren't out of danger yet, but the thought of a future with Gage made everything else feel okay.
A few miles down, a road came into view.
We made it. If my feet werent already freezing I probably would have jumped up and down.
He exhaled loudly.
Finally.
Did you doubt it? I wrapped my hand around his arm, loving the feel of his muscles.
Genevieve would be rolling her eyes, but I couldnt help it.
I loved how strong he was.
Not exactly, but I couldn't stand thinking Id let you down again.
You didnt, and this isn't all on you.
I'm supposed to be helping too.
Oh, you're helping. He smiled.
You're keeping me sane and satisfied, all the important things.
Same to you.
He squeezed my hand.
Good.
I'm glad Im doing both, it means you like me for more than my body.
How do you know?
Maybe it's your body keeping me sane? I smiled.
Nah, that would be the part driving you crazy and making you anything but sane.
I laughed.
Good point.
We walked along the road, not sure exactly how far away the next town was and wondering when a car would come by.
It was a rarely used back road by the looks of it, but there were a few track marks on the snow.
Do you think people will believe us?
I mean we have no IDs or phones, so were going to have to rely on someone else for help.
Someone will let us use a phone.
Thats all we need.
True.
Hopefully no one found your truck yet. I needed to believe my parents were spared the heartbreak.
I couldnt even imagine what my parents were going through otherwise.
I know. He looked off into the distance.
I'm going to miss Bessy.
I'm guessing insurance doesn't cover crazy wolves burning it in the woods.
Nope, but we weren't in it when it burned, so I can't complain too much.
I leaned into his side, so grateful that we were both alive and together.
Exactly.
The sound of an engine behind us had us both turning.
Gage pushed me behind him.
A large green SUV slowed down in front of us.
What would have been a welcome sight before meeting the wolves now had us both tense.
Need some help? A light female voice asked from the partially opened window.
The window was tinted so we couldnt see anything.
Gage and I looked at each other.
Neither of us were feeling particularly trusting.
He answered for us.
I think we're ok. How far is the next town though?
The driver rolled down the window more.
I watched Gage's face relax when he saw the speaker.
She was a beautiful brunette not much older than us.
Its a good six miles further.
Let me give you two a lift.
It's freezing out.
No.
its okay. A pretty girl didn't make me more trustful, it made me less.
Gage squeezed my hand.
I expected him to argue with me, but he didnt.
Thats all right, but thanks. He tugged on my hand slightly to get me walking.
I think you might want to change your mind, the girl called from the car.
We're fine. I replied without turning around.
The engine cut, so I started walking faster.
What could these people want?
After everything wed been through, I knew it probably wasnt anything good.
I was never a particularly trusting person, but after my experience with the wolves I was skeptical of everyone.
Seconds later there was a hand on my shoulder whirling me around.
Ignoring us was a big mistake.
I took in a breath.
I was looking into the face of a girl who looked remarkably similar to me.
She had the same long red hair and green eyes.
I just stared at the girl in front of me.
Who are you?
Who am I?
Shouldnt the question be who are you?
I mean you do reek of my ex, which seems silly when you have a man like that available. Her eyes raked over Gage.
Uh, we really don't want trouble.
So if you dont mind we'll be going. Gage put his arm around me.
No trouble?
Oh honey, you'll be no trouble at all.
Im sure youll be fun. She licked her lips before turning to me.
This tramp will be trouble though.
Tramp? My eyes probably bugged out of my head.
Let's go. Gage started to turn around.
You're not going anywhere, honey. She grabbed his arm.
And to think Hunter tried to keep you from me.
He was always a jealous boy.
Hunter? Gage exhale loudly.
I take it you aren't a fan of his either?
He tried to steal my girlfriend and kept us captive.
Not really.
Was this the same ex that got taken by the witches?
You should have let him have her.
I assure you, you'll have more fun with us. She wrapped her hand around his bicep.
Come along, now.
He shrugged her off.
We're not going anywhere with you.
Oh yes, you are.
Not a chance. He stepped toward her.
Get out of our way.
Her eyes locked on his, and she held her hand out in front of her.
What the hell? Gage stood frozen.
I can't move.
I reached for him.
Leave us alone. Was she a witch now too?
Damn it, were we ever going to catch a break?
She turned to me.
Now what do we do with you?
What do you think, Helen? she called to the driver who was now outside the SUV.
Can we use her for something?
I don't know why not give her back to Hunter?
Maybe the guy deserves a toy.
We all know he likes red heads. Helen laughed.
I wonder how much he wants her.
maybe he'd pay.
I bet he would. Helen chewed on her fingernail.
The red haired one held out her hand in front of her while she looked at me.
I felt a strange tingling sensation.
I tried to move, but every inch of me was stuck.
Including my mouth.
What's the problem, cat got your tongue? She laughed.
Shut the fuck up! Evidently Gage's mouth still worked just fine.
Stop trying to play the hero honey, that's not what we want from you.
Then what do you want?
Please let someone else come by, I said over and over in my head.
You'll see.
I knew Hunter had caught me a new pet, I had no idea how nice though. She grabbed his arm and tugged him toward the back of the SUV.
He wasnt fighting it, but by the confused and angry expression on his face, he wasnt going on his own accord.
Hunters ex turned to me.
I'm trying to decide whether to leave you out here to freeze or bring you home.
I'm not sure which would be better. she pushed Gage in and slammed the door.
Tough decision. Helen laughed.
Leave her, Vanessa.
Maybe Hunter will find her body.
That would piss him off, wouldn't it?
Vanessa grinned.
Good idea.
That way we dont have to dispose of her. She walked around to the passenger side of the car.
Have a nice day, tramp.
I can't wait to find out just how good your boy here is.
I'm sure he'll forget about you in about what hmm five minutes. She slammed her door.
Helen walked over and spit in my face before she got in the drivers seat.
Moments later she started the SUV and drove away.
This was it.
Gage was gone, and I was going to freeze to death on the side of the road.
Tears slid down my face.
Evidently she hadn't frozen those.
* Chapter Twenty-Three Gage Chapter Twenty-Three Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-Three Gage
No!
You cant leave her here! I screamed on the top of my lungs as I listened to the girls taunt Mary Anne as they drove away.
I was thanked by losing the ability to speak.
These had to have been the witches Hunter had warned Mary Anne about.
I guess he wasn't lying.
My heart nearly beat out of my chest as the girls continued down the road.
The red head turned to the driver.
Now that we got rid of the garbage, we can head home.
Home?
Was she crazy?
What the hell was wrong with all these people?
How were there so many psychos living within hours of where I grew up?
Of where Mary Anne grew up?
It was freezing out, and she couldn't move.
How long could she survive?
Despite my feelings about him, I hoped Hunter came back and found her.
He was probably her only hope.
What's wrong, honey? The red head looked at me.
You're not thinking about her are you?
I said nothing, I couldnt.
Shed taken away my capacity to speak.
You're going to enjoy your new cageI mean home.
The dark-haired girl giggled.
I vaguely remembered her friend calling her Helen, but I preferred to leave her nameless.
After all, she was the one who drove away from Mary Anne.
Cage?
They wanted to keep me in a cage?
I didn't care.
All I wanted to do was get back to Mary Anne.
Once again I'd let her down.
The driver turned off the road and the red head climbed over the center console to the back seat.
She ran her nails down my back.
You really are a nice one.
All muscle.
I like muscle.
Without warning she ripped off my shirt.
Now Id had plenty of fantasies about attractive women ripping off my clothes, but none of them involved me being frozen in place, after said attractive woman left my girlfriend to die on the side of the road.
She raked her eyes over me.
Nice.
The red head turned around.
Very nice.
He'll be fun. She laughed.
Lots of fun. She sucked my earlobe into her mouth and ran her tongue over it.
Ugh.
Id have done anything to push her away.
I'm Vanessa by the way.
Whats your name?
Oh yeah.
You cant talk. Both girls laughed.
Lets call him Sprinkles.
He has these adorable freckles on his chest, Vanessa traced her fingers over the handful of freckles.
What the fuck?
Sprinkles?
What, was I a dog?
Oh yeah.
Thats a great name.
Landa is going to love him.
She loves the tall, dark types.
Are there any other types? Vanessa laughed.
I like a nice blond once in a while.
Can you believe we got a dark haired one with freckles?
What a find.
If I hadn't just spent a week with a pack of wolves I would have thought I was dreaming.
I went back to the Hell idea.
A bunch of hot girls who are bitches and kill off the only girl I care about?
That was Hell.
We continued along the dirt road until the SUV came to a stop in front of a cottage.
It was old and looked like it came from a fairy tale.
What, was this Hansel and Gretel?
We're home, Sprinkles. Vanessa opened the door and pulled me out.
It seemed like my body moved when she wanted it to, like shed taken over all control.
Landa?
You home? Vanessa called out.
Yes. A striking blond walked out of a cabin.
OH MY GOSH, HES SO CUTE!
She came over and put her hands on either side of my cheeks.
What's his name?
Sprinkles.
Because of these freckles? She ran a finger over my chest.
Yes! the other girls shrieked.
Let me go get his collar. Landa walked back inside.
She came out holding a leather collar.
Let me put it on. Vanessa put the black leather around my neck.
Heres the leash. She attached a chain to it.
Come on, Sprinkles.
Time to see your new home.
Tootsie, come show Sprinkles in.
Another guy with a similar collar came out and took my leash.
Of course, Madam.
I will take him in.
Was this guy going along with them?
He pulled me along around the side of the cottage to some sort of barn.
He pushed open the barn door and towed me behind him.
He paused in front of a cage.
Yes, a cage.
They werent kidding.
Inside were two twin mattresses lying on straw.
One of the mattresses was occupied by a guy staring at the ceiling.
In addition to his collar, he was wearing a hemp necklace around his neck.
Tootsie leaned in to whisper.
Do what they say, or you'll end up like Granola over there.
Granola?
I assumed the guy could thank the hemp necklace for that name.
Tootsie pushed me in.
I hadnt figured out where his pet name came from yet, but I probably didnt want to know.
The freeze will wear off soon, but do yourself a favor and keep your mouth shut.
Keep my mouth shut?
Like that was going to happen.
* Chapter Twenty-Four Mary Anne Chapter Twenty-Four Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-Four Mary Anne
My nose itched.
That seems like such a small detail considering my situation, but it was reassurance that my entire body wasn't frost bitten.
For the first hour I kept expecting them to reappear.
Gage would find a way to move, and he'd be back.
Hed never leave me behind.
Hed find a way to return in time.
Eventually that delusional hope disappeared and was replaced by despair.
What a way to die.
At least I'd had sex with Gagemultiple times no less.
That was something.
Just when I thought the itch on my nose couldn't get worse, I realized I could move my arm.
Maybe whatever the witch had done was wearing off.
At first I couldn't move my arm past my elbow, but eventually my finger made contact with my nose.
A dull ache like you get after a tetanus shot had me resting my arm moments later.
I had to work up some energy before I could move it again.
I tried to move my legs, but it was a no go.
Nothing else worked.
I looked up and noticed at least ten crows lined up on the power lines above me.
Great, they were already circling like I was dead.
If the birds thought I was a goner, what kind of hope did I have?
A low howl in the distance gave me a shot of hope.
Was that Hunter?
Would he find me?
But what if it was Falcon?
Either wolf would be angry, but Hunter would be less likely to hurt me.
After a few moments of hesitation, my freezing body, a desire to live, and a determination to find Gage won out.
I tried to scream.
Nothing happened.
Evidently my voice wasn't back.
I heard another howl, this time closer.
I tried to yell, but it was pointless.
Another howl announced the wolfs approach, and before I could process what was happening, there was a blur of fur and a large gray wolf with a silver streak was in front of me.
Hunter.
Hed found me.
I felt a mix of relief and fear.
I blinked my eyesthey were blinking again, and Hunter was standing in front of me in all his naked glory.
Mary Anne. He pulled me into his arms.
Who did this to you?
I couldn't talk.
It was Vanessa. He answered his own question.
He ran his hands down my arms.
You're freezing.
We need to get you inside. He picked me up and held me against his chest as he ran through the woods.
For the second time in a few days I was being carried by a naked Hunter.
It was starting to feel like a pattern, but this time Gage wasnt with me.
After seeing what the witches could do, I knew one thing.
He was in more danger than me.
At least I knew what Hunter wanted.
I tried to keep my eyes open as Hunter ran us over the snow, but eventually my lids closed.
The only thing I was aware of was the beating of his heart and the chill of the wind.
Stay with me, Mary Anne.
Stay with me. His whispered words kept pulling me from the sleep I wanted to sink into.
Gage. My voice returned, and I needed Hunter to know.
He needed to help me save him.
No, its Hunter.
Its always going to be me.
I tried to lift my head to explain more, but I felt too weak.
I stopped trying, and let Hunter carry me back.
I couldnt help Gage until I had my strength back.
Is she okay? Marnis voice pulled me out of my fog as I was met by a wave of warmth.
We need more warm blankets, everything you can find.
On it.
I eventually opened my eyes to find myself in Hunters arms in front of the fire.
Sit down on the couch with her, we can cover you both better that way. Marni was taking charge.
Despite everything, I smiled to myself.
Id never heard Hunter listen to anyone else.
Good idea. Hunter sat down, quickly reminding me of how naked he was.
At least he wasnt aroused.
He shifted me slightly, and I wrapped up in the blankets.
Im so glad youre okay. Hunter brushed my hair back from my face.
Thanks for saving me. I knew hed saved my life.
Of course Id have never have been in that situation if he hadnt been helping the witches.
You know Id do anything to keep you safe. He held me tighter against me.
You need to stop running.
We need to find Gage.
Don't worry about that now.
You're safe.
You need to rest. He kissed my forehead.
Rest? I pushed off the blankets.
I can't.
We need to save him. I knew I was crazy to think Hunter would help, but it was Hunter's ex-girlfriend who took him.
You have to forget about him.
He's gone.
No. I stood up, nearly falling over.
Hunter steadied me.
Yes.
Those witches arent giving him back. Hed let the blankets fall when he stood up, and he was just standing there naked.
I couldnt even worry about it.
All I cared about was getting Gage.
Yes.
The witches.
You never did tell me what they did to their slaves.
It's not worth worrying about. He reached out for me.
You need to forget him.
Hes gone.
Forget him?
Are you crazy? I stepped back.
Please calm down.
How can I calm down?
He sighed.
You do realize none of this would have happened if youd just stayed here.
If you hadnt tricked Falcon.
Falcon.
I'd almost forgotten.
I looked all around.
He's not here. Hunters jaw clenched.
Where is he? I didnt like the guy, but I hoped Hunter hadnt hurt him too bad.
I found some other jobs for him.
It's not totally his fault
I imagine you must have been rather convincing. He stepped toward me.
Maybe you'll exert that kind of effort for me sometime.
My relief at Falcon being gone didn't last long.
I made the mistake of glancing down.
So much for Hunter not being aroused.
I scanned the room for Marni.
We werent alone, were we?
We only ran away because you were keeping us captive.
If youd have let us leave when we wanted to and driven us into town they never would have found us.
That wasn't an option.
I need to go find him.
Absolutely not. His hands clenched into fists.
For the first time I was actually scared of Hunter.
Every single muscle was there on display for me, and I knew if he wanted to he could hurt me in the blink of an eye.
Theyll kill you.
I mustered every ounce of courage I had.
I have to try.
They left you out to die once before.
Do you really want to face that again?
Gage is worth it. I knew that unequivocally.
A look of admiration crossed Hunters face.
Was he surprised that Id risk my life for Gage?
The look quickly faded.
And what?
You expect me to save him for you?
I put a hand on my hip.
No.
I expect you to let me go.
Why?
So you can leave me for him?
So you can sacrifice your life for a boy who shouldnt mean anything to you?
But he does mean something to me. Everything.
I'm not letting you.
Then you'll have to keep me here by force.
Are you seriously threatening to run again?
Even after what the witches did to you?
After what I've told you?
I decided to throw caution to the wind.
I was willing to agree to anything if it meant getting Gage back.
Hunter was acting like it was a lost causelike he wouldn't survive.
That couldn't happen.
Hunter was right, I had no chance against the witches, but he did.
I just had to give him enough of a reason to help.
Ill stop running if you bring him back.
Ill stay here.
Ill let you keep me safe. I used the words I knew he wanted to hear.
They had to be enough.
Even if it meant being stuck with the wolves for longer, it was worth it.
After even just a few minutes with the witches I knew they were dangerous.
Who knew what they could be doing to Gage?
If I bring him back, the rules stay the same.

Yes.
I promise.
And youre done running?
Im not going to have to keep you here by force?
I let out a deep breath.
A vision of Gages face when he was pushed into the SUV flashed across my mind.
Yes.
Im done running.
Prove it.
Prove it?
He watched me.
Give me something to show me that your word means something.
I stepped toward him.
Okay. I leaned up and brushed my lips against his.
I promise I'll stop running.
I expected him to try to deepen the kiss, and I prepared myself for it.
Anything for Gage.
He didn't.
Instead he pulled me into a hug.
I'll be back with him.
Then I expect you to keep your word. He let go.
I shouldn't have to post a guard, but I'll have Marni come by to keep you company.
Thank you.
Yeah, well, there isn't much I wouldn't do for you. He brushed some of my hair away from my face.
You keep running, but what you don't understand is you belong here by my side.
Only I can keep you safe.
Only I can protect you.
My heart hurt.
Why did he care so much?
Was I some sort of replacement for his ex-girlfriend?
But how had he ever loved her?
How could someone like that have loved a girl so cruel?
I didn't have too much time to think about it before he walked out the door.
I'll be back soon.
Try to relax and stay warm.
I nodded, hoping I wouldn't be waiting long.
* Chapter Twenty-Five Gage Chapter Twenty-Five Gage{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-Five Gage
As Tootsie had predicted, whatever the hell Vanessa had done to me wore off.
I could walk around, and I could talk.
I screamed a few times to no avail.
Not even Granola turned to look at me.
The poor guy just kept staring at the ceiling.
He looked physically fine, but I wasnt sure if anything was going on in his head.
I waited on the farthest side of the cage from Granola.
Granola.
I hated even thinking the stupid name they made up.
I knew I was in trouble.
Being locked in a cage by a bunch of witches wasn't good, but all I could think about was Mary Anne.
Was she still out there?
Since the spell had worn off of me, I hoped the same had happened for her.
Maybe she was already on her way into town.
I hoped she wouldnt do something crazy like try to find me.
She wouldnt.
She had to have some self- preservation, and I wasnt worth her life.
Even if she were back with the wolves it would be a better alternative.
I didnt like Hunter, but he wouldnt kill her.
He cared about her in his weird, messed-up way.
Theyre ready for you. Tootsie opened the cage door.
Hed changed out of the jeans and sweater hed been wearing when I arrived.
He was now dressed in what looked like a 1950s sailor uniform.
Unbelievable.
Theyre ready? I turned away.
I couldnt keep a straight face looking at the guy.
What the hell does that matter?
I'm not listening to them.
You should.
Why are you doing this? I turned to glare at him.
Do you like being treated like a pet?
It's better than ending up like him. Tootsie pointed to Granola who was now drooling.
What did they do to him? I didn't really want to know, but I needed to know what I was facing.
Hopefully you wont find out first hand. He held out the leash.
Come on.
I walked out of the cage pretending I was going to go along with things.
I let him attach the stupid leash, and I waited for him to open the door to the barn.
I still had no shirt, but freezing in the snow seemed like a better option than dealing with these people.
There was a better chance for survival in the former.
Once outside, I yanked the leash out of his hand and took off running.
I made it a few feet before my entire body froze again.
What do we have here? Vanessa's shrill voice came from right behind me.
She moved in front of me and ran a finger down my chest.
You aren't very obedient, are you?
Obedient?
In case you didn't realize I'm not a dog. She hadn't frozen my voice this time.
No, dogs don't look like you. She cupped me through my jeans.
Tell me, are you good in bed?
Seriously?
Was that an actual question?
I guess Ill find that out for myself. She grinned wickedly.
I didnt want to discover how nuts shed be if she had me naked.
I was freezing cold, and I wasn't even able to move my arms to push her away.
Come along, Sprinkles.
We can finish this assessment inside. She tugged on the leash.
What do you want with me?
She laughed.
That's what the assessment is for.
That was it.
I couldnt just go along with it.
I used every ounce of strength I had and pushed it toward the goal of resisting.
I stopped short, finally breaking out of the spell.
The victory only lasted a moment before she yanked on the leash.
Come on, Sprinkles.
I don't want to have to do another spell.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
I'm going back to find Mary Anne. I fought against her surprisingly strong tug.
Mary Anne?
You mean the girl whos probably a popsicle right now?
I wouldn't worry about her.
I'm sure an animal will clean up the mess.
I lunged for her, but my fist only made it within a few inches of her face before it was frozen in place.
Now, now.
Sprinkles. She wagged a finger in front of my face.
I tried to stop walking again, but I couldn't.
Come along, you have to meet Gerry.
Shes dying to meet you. She tugged on the leash.
Once again I felt the strange sensation.
She must have strengthened the spell.
Fantastic.
The door to their cottage opened, and a woman probably in her mid-forties walked out.
Is this the new one?
Yes, Sprinkles. Vanessa tugged on the leash again.
Oh.
Appropriate name. She touched my chest.
More about the freckles?
He's not very obedient, but I think we'll find a use for him. Vanessa slipped her hand into the back of my jeans.
If I could have moved, I would have jumped.
Ill be the judge of that.
Bring him in. The oldest of the witches, who I assumed was named Gerry, turned and walked inside.
Vanessa pulled me inside to where Gerry waited with the other two young witches.
The blonde, Landa, or whatever her name was grinned at me.
Is he ready for the assessment?
Yes.
He's ready. Vanessa dropped the leash and all four of them took seats on a long black leather couch.
The dark haired one leaned back against the couch.
He's big.
Thats always helpful.
Yes.
He'd be useful for manual labor. Gerry commented.
Can you dance? Landa flipped some of her hair off her shoulder.
I said nothing.
Once again I couldnt move.
Otherwise Id have been running.
Answer her. Gerry snapped.
I went to open my mouth and was surprised when my voice came out.
Dance?
Are you kidding me?
Dont talk back to us, Vanessa snapped.
I'm going to say whatever I want to say.
You can't keep me here. I wasnt going down without a fight.
Is that so? Gerry stepped toward me.
Do you really think so?
Yes.
Gerry made a disgusted sound.
Ill be back to check on him later.
Be sure that you have him in line. She walked out the door.
Thanks a lot. Vanessa wagged a finger in my face again.
My first chance to prove myself, and you had to screw it up?
Prove yourself?
Just let me the hell out of here.
No.
I can make you obey.
Should I get the water? The dark haired one asked.
Yes.
I'll get the chains. Landa hurried off.
Water?
Chains?
Moments later a bucket full of cold water was poured over my head.
I shivered.
The small cottage wasn't heated much and the cold water came as a shock.
Sit down, Sprinkles. Vanessa pointed at me.
No. I seemed to have control back.
Sit, Sprinkles.
I'm not a fucking dog.
In a flash, my body slammed into the wood floor and chains were tied around my hands and feet.
You will do as we say.
No.
I will do nothing that you say. I was tired of being told what to do.
Id have rather died than played their games.
My whole body convulsed as electricity seemed to run through me.
The witches laughed.
I blinked a few times, trying to recover.
When I opened my eyes Vanessa was right in front of me.
Still going to disobey me?
Yes.
An even stronger jolt ran through me.
Were they electrocuting me?
Once I recovered I gritted my teeth.
I'm never going to listen.
Oh, Sprinkles.
I don't want to keep doing this.
Did you see Granola?
He was shocked three times.
Do you really want to become like him?
I'm never doing anything you bitches say.
Another jolt ran through me.
This one was more intense and lasted longer than the previous ones.
I couldn't open my eyes, but I heard the sound of a loud knock.
Who is it? Vanessa snapped.
It's me.
Let me in.
I recognized that voice.
I shouldn't have been relieved to hear it, but at least Hunter hadn't tried to electrocute me.
Vanessa exhaled loudly.
Let him in.
I forced my eyes open.
I blinked several times to bring my vison into focus.
Hunter stood a few feet away completely naked.
He must have come over as a wolf.
His hulking form dwarfed the small room.
I need that one back. He pointed at me.
Why?
We're using him. Vanessa grinned.
I closed my eyes again.
The effort to keep them open wasnt worth it when I couldnt move anyway.
I need him.
Why?
Why him?
You've never taken the others.
I said I need him. Hunter's voice sounded louder.
I forced my eyes open.
He stood a few feet from me.
My reasons don't concern you.
Oh, it's the girl.
Isn't it?
That little tramp you've obviously been with.
Does she have you fetching her other men?
Are you not enough to satisfy her?
Dont speak of her. Hunter growled.
I'm taking him.
I see how it is.
Youre jealous. She giggled.
Jealous?
Yes. She ran a hand down his chest.
You miss my attention.
I dont miss you.
I miss the girl I knew before. He pushed her out of the way.
She sighed in an exaggerated way.
Fine, you can have him, but I need to do one more thing. A final jolt ran through me, it was even stronger, and it gradually got worse.
My body started to shake uncontrollably.
Then just as suddenly as the searing pain and jolting started, everything went black.
* Chapter Twenty-Six Mary Anne Chapter Twenty-Six Mary Anne{{{1 ### Chapter Twenty-Six Mary Anne
I watched out the front window with my face pressed against the glass like a little kid watching for Santa.
The snow had started again.
I used to love watching the falling flakes, but after all wed been through, I hoped to never see snow again.
I was ready to move to the tropics.
Finally, what felt like an eternity later, I saw Hunter running toward the house.
He was holding something in his arms, and my chest tightened.
Was it Gage?
I didnt wait for Marni.
I just headed out the door.
She didnt try to stop me.
Instead she just followed me out.
I rushed over to meet Hunter, trying to get a look at what he held.
I knew it was Gage, but I didnt want to accept that he couldnt walk on his own.
Is he okay? I peered over.
Hunter shook his head.
No.
I was too late. He laid Gages motionless body down in the snow.
Every inch of me was frozen, but not from the cold.
I could have cared less about the wind and snow, but Gage's pale face had my chest clenching and my heart racing.
He couldn't die.
He couldn't.
I squeezed his hand, willing some of my energy to jump from my body into his.
He should have escaped when he had the chance.
He shouldnt have waited for me.
I wasnt worth it.
I wasnt worth his life.
Please, open your eyes. I'd never wanted to see his brown eyes more.
Please, do it for me. Gage was more than just my fantasy, he was so much better.
He was so deserving of a full and long life.
Memories from the night before flooded me.
The feel of his hands on my skin, the taste of his mouth, the way his lips trailed down my body.
Gage made me feel alive in a way I never imagined possible.
I wasnt giving up on him.
I couldn't.
I needed him.
I'd never needed someone so much.
He was all I had anymore, and I knew even if I returned to my real life it would be empty without him.
Id have given up anything for him.
Id already given up my freedom, but Id give up more.
Id give up everything.
He's not waking up. Hunter's deep voice startled me.
Id almost forgotten I wasnt alone with Gage.
I couldnt see anything but his face.
I ignored Hunter.
Of course he'd say that.
He didn't want Gage to be okay.
Mary Anne.
He's dying.
You can't change that. There was something in Hunters words that made me pause.
But can you? I turned, standing up while holding on to a tiny ray of hope.
It won't be easy.
Do it!
Do anything.
Please. I fell to my knees in front of him.
Save him.
Please.
You promised.
You promised youd bring him back.
And I tried.
I brought him back here.
I clasped my hands together.
It doesnt count.
You have to save him.
Theres one thing I can do, but its taking a huge risk.
I would be putting my entire pack in jeopardy.
Do it.
I swear Ill be yours.
Ill do anything.
Please.
Be careful what you offer.
I'm serious.
Anything. I looked up at him through tear rimmed eyes.
Anything was worth saving Gage, no matter the cost.
It doesnt matter. He shook his head.
I cant do it.
You can. I grabbed a hold of his legs.
Please.
Please. The tears started streaming down my face.
No one will judge you for it. Marnis voice was strong, assertive.
I looked around Hunters legs to find her.
Well all understand.
Its too dangerous.
She shrugged.
And what isnt?
Hunter kneeled down beside me.
His face flashed with indecision.
Please.
I already told you.
Ill do anything.
He nodded and put a hand on my shoulder.
Be my mate.
Your mate? I knew that term had strong meaning, but Id have agreed to anything.
Yes.
My mate.
Youll belong to me in every way.
If I promise, will you save him?
Yes.
In the only way I can.
And what way is that? I shivered.
He dodged my question.
He may not appreciate the decision your making.
Will he be alive?
Yes.
But he wont be the same.
What does that mean?
I have to change him.
I have to make him one of us.
I didnt care whether Gage would agree or not.
Life of any sort was better than death.
I couldnt lose him.
Do it.
Its better than letting him die.
Stand back.
No.
I need to stay with him.
Stand back.
Were running out of time, Hunter growled.
Marni, hold her.
Dont let go.
Of course. She grabbed my arms.
Are you ready for this Hunter?
I know I told you we wouldnt judge, but do you really want to do this? She was playing the devils advocate, and I wanted to shake her to tell her to shut up.
We were running out of time.
Its worth it.
Its worth it for her. The air buzzed as Hunter turned into a wolf.
His wolf eyes locked with mine before he bit down on Gages neck.
I forced myself to watch as blood oozed out.
Is he hurting him?
Marni hesitated before responding.
Ive never seen this before.
Only an Alpha Dire can change someoneits one of the things that make us different from other shifters.
Were the only ones who still have the power.
Hunter released Gage and let out a loud and deep howl.
Gages body began to convulse, and I cried.
I cried for the boy I almost lost, and for the boy I could never have again.
I knew I couldnt get out of what I promised Hunter, and I wouldnt try.
Not if he saved Gage.
Not if he gave him another chance at life.
The minutes passed and with no warning Hunter stepped back and transformed into his human form.
I rushed over just in time to watch Gages eyes open.
I moved toward him, but Hunter held me back.
I pushed against his arm until Gage stood up and let out a thundering growl.
What had we done?* Copyright Copyright{{{1 Copyright  2016 by C.J.
Archer
Visit C.J.
at [www.cjarcher.com](http://www.cjarcher.com)
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
[!
[Created with Vellum](images/vellum-created-fixed.png)Created with Vellum](http://tryvellum.com/created)
* About THE WATCHMAKERS DAUGHTER About THE WATCHMAKERS DAUGHTER{{{1 # About THE WATCHMAKERS DAUGHTER
India Steele is desperate.
Her father is dead, her fianc took her inheritance, and no one will employ her, despite years working for her watchmaker father.
Indeed, the other London watchmakers seem frightened of her.
Alone, poor, and at the end of her tether, India takes employment with the only person who'll accept her - an enigmatic and mysterious man from America.
A man who possesses a strange watch that rejuvenates him when he's ill.
Matthew Glass must find a particular watchmaker, but he won't tell India why any old one won't do.
Nor will he tell her what he does back home, and how he can afford to stay in a house in one of London's best streets.
So when she reads about an American outlaw known as the Dark Rider arriving in England, she suspects Mr. Glass is the fugitive.
When danger comes to their door, she's certain of it.
But if she notifies the authorities, she'll find herself unemployed and homeless again - and she will have betrayed the man who saved her life.
With a cast of quirky characters, an intriguing mystery, and a dash of romance, THE WATCHMAKER'S DAUGHTER is the start of a thrilling new historical fantasy series from the author of the bestselling Ministry of Curiosities, Freak House, and Emily Chambers Spirit Medium books.
* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 # Chapter 1
### London, Spring 1890
There were several reasons why I fell in love with Eddie Hardacre, but seeing a painter put the finishing touches to E.
HARDACRE, WATCHMAKER on the shop front that had been in my family's hands for over a century, I couldn't remember any of them.
My former fianc was worse than a pirate.
At least pirates were loyal to their crew.
Loyalty was a bartering tool Eddie employed whenever he needed to gain someone's trust.
Someone like my poor, foolish dead father.
And me.
It was time to tell Eddie what I thought of him.
I'd kept my anger bottled inside for long enough, and if I didn't let it out, I would never heal.
Besides, now was the perfect time, as a customer inspected one of Father's watches.
Eddie loathed public displays of emotion.
I would give him the most public of emotional displays that I could.
I tugged on my jacket lapels, threw back my shoulders, and marched past the gentleman's shiny black coach and into the shop that should have been mine.
The entrance was as far as I got.
The familiarity of my surroundings pinched my heart.
The rich scent of polished wood mingled with the subtle tang of metal.
The myriad _tick tocks,_ which irritated so many customers after mere minutes inside, summoned a well of memories.
The individual rhythms sounded chaotic when placed in one room together but they reassured me that all would be well, that I had come home.
It had been two weeks since I'd heard their song.
Two weeks since I'd stepped inside the shop.
Two weeks since Father died.
It was time.
Nothing had changed inside.
The counter top stretched across the back, as sleek as ever.
Behind it, the door to the workshop was closed.
I recognized every clock hanging on the walls and set out on the tables, and all the glass display cabinets seemed to be filled with the same watches, from the inexpensive open faced variety to those with elaborately designed silver cases, known as hunters.
Even Father's ancient tortoiseshell and ormolu still ticked to its unique rhythm, but no one had bothered to correct it.
It was three minutes slow.
"I'll be with you in a moment," Eddie said without looking up from the watch he was showing the gentleman.
Such poor shop-keeping!
One should always make eye contact with every customer.
A warm smile and pleasant greeting never went amiss, either.
I was, however, glad that he hadnt seen me immediately.
"Excuse me, sir."
I addressed the back of the customer's dark head.
He did not turn around, but I didn't let that stop me.
"Excuse me, sir, but unless you wish to finance a liar and swindler, you should not purchase a thing from this man."
Eddie glanced up with a gasp.
The color leached from his face.
"India!"
He spluttered a hasty, "Excuse me," to his customer and rounded the counter.
Arm out to usher me to the door, the color flooded his face as quickly as it had left it.
"How lovely of you to visit me here, but as you can see, I'm rather busy.
I'll call on you later, my dear."
I ducked beneath his arm, turned so that I could keep him in my sight, and backed toward the counter.
I wanted to see Eddie's face turn ruby red as I informed his customer of his despicable behavior.
"I am not your _dear_ anymore, and I cannot believe that I ever wanted to be. "
I used to consider him handsome, with his blond curls and blue eyes, and I'd once thought myself fortunate that he'd chosen me as his bride.
My gratitude had been smashed to pieces, along with my future, two weeks ago.
Now I thought him one of the ugliest men I'd ever seen .
"India!"
He lunged for me, but I was ready for him and stepped behind the table holding the collection of small mantel clocks.
"Come here at once."
When I didn't, he stomped his foot on the floor like a spoiled child not getting his way.
I gave him a tight-lipped smile.
"If you want me to leave, you will have to catch me first."
He glanced past me to the gentleman who must have been quite stunned by my shocking behavior.
I didn't care what he thought.
I had always been known as the prim and proper daughter of Elliot Steele, but recent events had changed me.
Let the dusty old men gossip about me at the guild's dining table.
It no longer mattered, since I was not connected to the guild through Father or the shop anymore.
Eddie suddenly dodged to the left.
I swerved and moved farther around the table.
He growled in frustration.
I laughed and inched closer, daring him to try again.
Part of me wanted him to catch me, so that I could force him to act like the overbearing brute I knew him to be in front of a customer.
"You're making a scene," Eddie hissed.
"Good."
He licked his lips and his gaze flicked to the gentleman behind me again.
He cleared his throat and squared his shoulders, attempting to look as if he were in control.
"Come now, India, be a good girl and leave this gentleman in peace.
He doesn't wish to witness your hysterics."
"I'm a little too old to be called a girl, Eddie, don't you think?"
"Quite," he said, his tone grating.
"Twenty-seven is definitely past the flush of youth."
He might as well have announced that I was too old to wed.
I was surprised he hadn't used it as an excuse to end our engagement, but then again, he'd known my age before he proposed.
"Nor am I hysterical," I added.
Eddie smiled.
It was all twisted cruelty.
I braced myself for his next words.
"India and I were once engaged," he said to the gentleman who had remained silent behind me.
"Alas, her rather fanciful and forthright nature only became evident after our betrothal.
I suppose I ought to be thankful that she didn't hide her true self until after it was too late."
His laugh was as insipid as his pale blue eyes.
"I had to end our engagement or risk our children becoming afflicted."
"You ended our engagement because you got what you wanted, and what you wanted wasn't me.
It was Father's shop."
I only just heard the gentleman behind me clear his throat over the pounding of blood between my ears.
Eddie must have heard it too, and he collected himself.
He licked his lips again, a habit that I now despised.
"Sir, I do apologize."
Eddie bobbed his head in imitation of the little automated bird that emerged on the hour from the cuckoo clocks.
He looked as ridiculous as he was pathetic.
"India," he snapped at me.
"Leave!
Now!"
I thrust my hand on my hip, smiled, and spun round to speak to the gentleman and make an even bigger scene.
An extremely tanned man with dark brown eyes, striking cheekbones and thick lashes stood there.
If it weren't for his scowl, and the signs of exhaustion around his mouth and eyes, he would be handsome.
He was everything Eddie was nottall and dark and broad across the shoulders.
He wore a well-tailored black suit, untroubled by his impressive frame, a silk hat and gray silk tie.
While his clothing screamed gentleman, his stance did not.
He leaned one elbow on the counter as if he were half drunk and needed propping up.
A gentleman would have straightened in the presence of a woman, but this man didn't.
Perhaps he wasn't English.
The deep tan would suggest not.
It took me a moment to remember what I'd been about to say, and in that moment, he spoke first.
"I have business to conduct with Mr. Hardacre," he said in a flawed upper class English accent.
It was plummy enough, but the crispness had been sliced off and replaced by a slight drawl.
"Please take your argument with you when you leave."
He held his hand out, showing me the door.
I remembered what I wanted to say all of a sudden.
"Mr. Hardacre is a liar and a scoundrel."
Eddie made a strangled choking sound.
"So you already pointed out," the customer said.
He sounded bored, but that could have been a result of his accent.
"Is that the man you want to give your custom to?"
I pressed.
"At the present time, yes."
Eddie chuckled.
My hand slid off my hip and fisted at my side.
I swallowed down the sense of hopelessness that threatened to overwhelm me.
My scheme to discredit Eddie was quickly unraveling before my eyes.
"Then you're aiding and abetting a man with the morals of a rat.
He doesn't care who he ruins to get what he wants, only that he gets it in the end, by whatever means necessary."
I heard how pathetic and desperate I sounded, yet I couldn't stop the words from spilling forth anyway.
I was tired of holding them in, of smiling and telling acquaintances that I would be all right.
I wasn't all right.
I _was_ pathetic and desperate.
I had no employment, no money, and no home.
I'd lost my fianc and my father, within days of one another, although I'd never really had the fianc, as it turned out.
Our engagement had been a ruse, a way to get Father to sign over the shop to  Eddie.
"I am sorry, miss," the gentleman said, sounding genuinely sympathetic.
"I'm sure you are now.
Eddie is no better than the muck on your boots."
He sighed and the tiny lines at the corners of his eyes deepened.
"No, I mean I'm sorry for doing this."
Two long strides brought him to me so that I got to admire his impressive height and frame.
But not for long.
Two large hands clamped around my waist, lifted me, and tossed me over one of those brawny shoulders I'd been admiring.
"What are you doing?"
I cried.
"This is outrageous!
Let me down at once!"
He did not.
With one arm clamped over the backs of my thighs, he strode to the door as if I were nothing more than a sack of flour.
The blood rushed to my head.
My hat hung by its pins.
I pounded his back with my fists, but it had no effect.
I was utterly helpless and I did not like being so, one little bit.
Behind me, Eddie roared with laughter.
I felt the gentleman's muscles tense and heard a sharp intake of breath.
He didn't slow, however, but merely pushed open the door and deposited me on the pavement.
I stumbled and he clasped my shoulders until I regained my balance, then he let me go.
"My apologies, miss," he said with a curt nod.
"But your conversation was taking too long, and I'm a busy man."
I fixed my hat and straightened my spine, mustering as much dignity as I could.
It wasn't easy with all the shopkeepers and their customers looking out of doors and windows to see what had caused the commotion.
"I don't care!"
To my horror, my voice cracked.
I did _not_ want to cry.
Not anymore.
I'd shed enough tears over Eddie and the things I'd lost.
"I don't care if I make you late for an appointment, or if I cost Eddie your custom.
You are a brute!
A fiend!
You may look like a gentleman, but you most certainly are not one!"
"Cyclops," the man said to someone over my shoulder.
I glanced around to see a giant figure with a black patch over one eye jump nimbly down from the coachman's perch and advance on me.
I swallowed a scream and shrank away, but he caught my arm.
I tried to pull free but he caught my other arm and his grip tightened.
The red, lumpy scar dripping from beneath his patch stood out against his charcoal skin, the white of his teeth even more so as he bared them in a snarl.
"Let me go!"
I screamed, pulling harder.
"Mr. Macklefield!
Help!"
Mr. Macklefield, the neighboring tailor, took one look at the giant and fled back inside his shop.
Up and down the street, shopkeepers shut their doors.
Folk I'd known my entire life cowered inside.
Even the painter went very still on the top of his ladder, as if he hoped no one would notice him there.
No one came to my rescue.
I'd never felt more alone or so vulnerable.
I glanced up at the giant who held both my wrists and blinked back hot tears.
"Please let me go," I whispered.
"Can't, miss," he said in a booming voice with an accent similar to the gentleman's but from the gutters rather than the townhouse.
"You just stay out here with me and let Mr. Glass finish his chat."
I sniffed.
"So you won't let me go, even if I promise not to go back inside?"
He shook his head.
"I won't be long," the gentleman behind me said.
"I see."
I drew in a breath, let it out, and stomped my heel into the giant's boot.
He winced and his one eye widened, but he didn't let me go.
The gentleman laughed softly.
"Good shot."
The giant grunted.
"Not bad for a little thing."
I ought to have been frightened witless, but their light-hearted banter quelled my fear.
Not that I felt safe and confident, but I no longer felt like the giant or his master wanted to hurt me.
"Sir, if you please," Eddie said in a sickeningly sycophantic tone.
"We'll finalize our business inside."
"I need to ask you some questions first," the gentleman, Mr. Glass, said.
"Questions?
About the watch?
Of course."
"Sir," I said over my shoulder.
I had only moments in which to ruin this for Eddie, as he'd ruined so much more for me.
"Mason And Sons have a finer hunter minute repeater than the one you were admiring inthere."
I couldn't bring myself to call it Hardacre Watchmakers.
It was still Steele Watchmakers to me and always would be.
"If you want my advice, you ought to spend your money at that establishment.
Not only will you get excellent service, but you'll be supporting an upstanding family."
"India!"
Eddie shouted.
"If you don't calm down, I'll send for a constable."
He clicked his fingers at Jimmy, the boy who occasionally ran errands for the shopkeepers in the street.
He was the only one who'd not retreated indoors, but that would be because Jimmy wasn't allowed in the shops.
None of the shopkeepers trusted him not to steal from them.
None since Father had died and Eddie had evicted me, that is.
He strolled over, hands thrust deep into his pockets, but hung back, clearly not willing to take Eddie's side but unable to do anything to help me.
"I've already been to Mason And Sons," Mr. Glass said to me, ignoring Eddie.
"There was nothing to interest me there.
I wish to look at _this_ watch."
"Come, sir," Eddie said, grasping Mr. Glass's arm.
Mr. Glass narrowed his gaze at him and Eddie let go with a loud swallow.
"I'll give you a good price on the watch."
"You cannot have been to Mason And Sons," I said to the gentleman.
"Mr. Mason truly does have a finer example of the same timepiece.
I saw it late yesterday, and I doubt he has sold it already."
Mr. Glass turned a curious expression toward me.
Where before he'd looked tired, he was now alert.
It was as if he'd just realized something of monumental importance to himand it involved me.
His gaze focused on mine with fierce, driving intensity.
It was an unnerving experience to be the object of it, more so than the physical presence of his coachman.
If I weren't restrained, I would have left and been glad to have escapedfrom what, I didn't know.
"You're familiar with Mr. Mason and his work?"
he asked me.
"I am.
He was both a friend and rival of my father's."
Their relationship had been a complicated one.
While they respected and liked one another, they had to compete for customers among London's elite.
Fortunately there were enough wealthy in the city to keep them, and several other watch and clockmakers, in business.
Mr. Mason had been the first person I'd gone to after Eddie had ended our engagement, but he'd not been able to employ me with three sons and a daughter of his own.
Mr. Glass closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead as if trying to remove an ache.
It was so odd, coming after his intense glare, that I checked with his servant to see if he thought it out of character.
The coachman frowned at his master.
"Matt?"
He called his master by his first name?
What a peculiar arrangement.
"Er, sir?
You need to?"
"I'm fine," Mr. Glass snapped.
"Don't bloody look fine," the coachman muttered, sounding a little hurt.
"Your father is a watchmaker?"
Mr. Glass asked me, lowering his hand.
He patted his coat, as if feeling for something in the pocket.
Perhaps it was snuff or a pipe that he wished to smoke to return the color to his cheeks.
He looked quite peaky.
"Was."
I spread my hands to indicate the shop windows with the watches set out on the lower shelf and the higher shelves filled with clocks of all shapes and sizes.
"He owned this establishment under the name Steele until his death, two weeks ago."
I swallowed the lump rising up my throat, but the tears welled nevertheless.
"He left it to _me_ in his will, " Eddie cut in quickly.
"Because you assured him that you would keep your promise to marry me, and my fool of a father believed you.
I believed you," I choked out.
I no longer cared what the gentleman or his servant thought of my behavior.
Two weeks ago I'd been too sad and shocked to tell Eddie what I thought of him, but not anymore.
I was still sad, but those two weeks had given me time to think.
I wasn't shocked now, I was mad.
"I wasn't to know then that you were such a strong-willed creature," Eddie said.
"If I had, I wouldn't have asked for your hand.
Take this display, for example.
One doesn't need further evidence of your willfulness."
Rage surged through my body.
I felt like I was burning with it, from the inside out.
"What I am is the daughter and assistant of Elliot Steele, watchmaker."
"No, that is what you _were_.
Now you're justpathetic.
Go away, India.
Nobody wants you  here."
I gritted my teeth and pulled myself free from the man holding me.
To my surprise, he let go.
I barged up to Eddie and slapped him across the cheek before he saw my hand coming.
Eddie reeled back, clutching the side of his face.
He stared open-mouthed at me, his expression caught between fear and shock, as if I were a ghastly and strange creature.
I suppose, in some ways, I was.
I certainly didn't feel like myself at that moment.
I feltlighter, liberated, and yes, very strange indeed.
Mr. Glass cleared his throat.
"Miss Steele?"
I smiled at him and his one-eyed servant.
The coachman grinned back.
"Yes, Mr.
Glass?"
I said.
"Would you mind joining me this afternoon in the tea room at Brown's Hotel?"
"Me?"
My smile slipped off.
I stared at him.
"Butwhy?"
"Yes," Eddie muttered.
"Why her?"
Mr. Glass ignored him.
"To discuss your father."
I was trying to decide if it was unseemly to drink tea alone with a strange gentleman in a salubrious hotel, and if I cared about that sort of thing anymore, when Eddie took advantage of my silence.
"I can tell you everything you wish to know about Elliot Steele.
I knew him well."
"Oh, do shut up, Eddie."
It seemed I'd thought of something to say after all.
"I will join you for tea, Mr. Glass.
Thank you."
The brown eyes briefly flared and a small smile touched his lips.
It quickly vanished, however, and his jaw went rigid.
The muscle bunched and did not release.
It was as if he were bearing down against a pain.
Unease ate at my gut.
I didn't know this man, and he had a rather frightening looking servant, yet I'd agreed to drink tea with him.
It would seem today was a day to do things that were out of character for me.
I pushed my unease aside.
"We can discuss watches," I said to Mr. Glass, simply to see Eddie's face turn red with anger again.
"If it's a hunter minute repeater you're after then there are many fine examples in the city.
Much finer than here."
"They were your father's timepieces!"
Eddie cried.
"That watch is exquisite."
"The regulator pins stick and it loses five seconds every twelve hours.
I was never able to fix it."
"You mean your father couldn't," Eddie said smugly.
"No, I mean _I_ couldn't.
I've been doing all the repair work for three years, ever since Father's sight  deteriorated."
"Well then, now it's my turn to repair them.
Elliot left _me_ all his  notes."
"They're three years out of date.
_My_ notes were not part of the inheritance. "
I spun on my heel, gave a nod to Mr. Glass and another to his servant, and said, "Shall we say three o'clock?"
"Perfect," Mr. Glass said with a smile that momentarily banished the tiredness from his eyes.
"See you then."
I walked up the street, feeling as if the entire city watched me.
I turned the corner and doubled back, just in time to see Mr. Glass being driven away.
He removed his gloves and studied something in his hand.
He closed his fingers around it, tipped his head back, and breathed deeply, as if he were finally getting the rest he craved.
It wasn't this behavior that set my pulse racing, however.
It was the object in his fisted hand, and the bright purplish glow it emitted.
A glow that infused his skin and disappeared up his sleeve.
* Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 # Chapter 2
"You told me yesterday that you would pay me," Mrs. Bray, my landlady, said as she stood in the doorway to my room.
"And the day before, and the day before that."
She folded her arms beneath her large bosom, pushing them up so that they were in danger of choking her, and peered down the length of her narrow nose at me.
"I'm not a charity, Miss Steele."
She certainly wasn't.
She wanted the rent for the tiny attic room in advance and reminded me every day, when I failed to pay her, that I would have to vacate if I didn't come up with the money.
I'd managed to keep the room through a combination of charm and pleading, but I didn't think that tactic would work much longer.
Going by the unsympathetic scowl on her pinched face, her patience had worn out.
The truth was, I hadn't anticipated staying in her lodging house long after Eddie threw me out of my home above the shop the day my father was buried _the very day_.
I thought I would have secured myself employment as a shop assistant with either a watch or clockmaker by now.
But I'd applied in person to every single one in the vicinity, and none had any positions available, although some expressed their sympathies for my plight.
Unfortunately I couldn't eat sympathy or sleep on it.
I needed to work.
Hence my applications to other shopkeepers.
So far, three haberdashers, two drapers, four greengrocers, and a chemist refused to employ me without references.
I was utterly weary of hearing the word  no.
"I understand, Mrs. Bray," I said, mustering some sweetness from God knew where, "but I just need one more day.
I'm going to apply to be a governess."
She snorted.
"That's a laugh."
"Pardon?"
She hiked up her bosom with her folded arms.
"Toffs employ other toffs as governesses.
You're only a shopkeeper's assistant."
I had been a watchmaker and repairer, actually, but I didn't correct her.
No one ever believed me when I claimed my father taught me everything he knew.
Not even my friend, Catherine Mason, whose father and three brothers owned Mason And Sons.
She'd told me that no honorable father would allow his daughter to get her hands dirty in the workshop.
I liked Catherine so I didn't argue the point with her.
"I must try something different," I told Mrs. Bray.
"I _need_ employment."
"There's always the workhouse for destitute women."
I shuddered.
The workhouse was for those with no roof over their head, no education, and no other possible means of supporting themselves.
Employment there meant a bed to sleep on and food twice a day, albeit a lice-ridden bed and unpalatable gruel.
It also meant long hours on the factory floor, risking life and limb with the dangerous machinery, and contending with depraved men who thought the poor women were no better than whores.
A perfectly healthy woman I'd been acquainted with had wound up in one after her husband died.
When I'd seen her again, a year later, she'd been at death's door, ravaged by syphilis and coughing up blood.
The workhouse was a wretched place.
It made Mrs. Bray's cold attic room, with the low roof and persistent odor of cat urine, seem like a palace.
If I couldn't find employment elsewhere, the workhouse was my only choice.
I collected my gloves and reticule from the bed, but she didn't let me pass.
Her sizeable hips filled the doorway.
"I have to go out for now," I told her, "but I'll be stopping by the Governesses' Benevolent Institution on my way back to see if there's any work for an educated woman like myself."
She rolled her tongue over her top teeth then made a sucking sound.
"I told you, you won't find anything.
You're not the right sort to be a governess."
"I must try."
"You're persistent, I'll give you that."
She sucked the air between her teeth again.
"But you have to pack your things and take them with you."
I gasped.
"Are you evicting me?"
"I've had inquiries from a gentleman wishing to lease this room."
She backed out of the doorway and headed to the stairs in her awkward, rolling gait.
"You have fifteen minutes."
"But I have nowhere else to go!"
"You've got friends.
Ask that pretty girl who called on you last week to help."
I stood at the top of the stairs and stared at her retreating back.
The Masons couldn't afford to support me, not with so many of their own mouths to feed.
I would have to sleep on Catherine's floor.
They would try to help me if they knew my plight, but I couldn't bring myself to beg.
Pride was all I had left.
"Please, Mrs. Bray.
I'll have the money by the end of today."
She stopped at the bottom of the stairs and shook her head.
"How?"
she called up.
"You've got no job and nothing more to sell.
Even if you find employment today, you won't be paid for weeks.
I need that money now, Miss Steele.
I've got to eat too."
She walked off.
"You've got fifteen minutes or I fetch the constable and have you arrested for trespass."
Arrested!
From the look on her face, she was serious.
I headed back into my room and numbly packed my bag.
Having sold as many personal items as I could to pay for food and rent for the last two weeks, my few remaining belongings amounted to very little.
I possessed two changes of unmentionables, a nightgown, one other dress, a coat, and a hairbrush, hand mirror and combs that had belonged to my mother.
My bag was so light that I had no trouble getting it down the stairs.
Mrs. Bray saw me out and shut the door the moment I crossed the threshold, almost hitting me in the back.
I walked as erectly as possible down the steps to the pavement, my battered leather valise in hand.
It had been a gloomy, damp house anyway.
I would find somewhere better to live, just as soon as I secured myself employment.
In the meantime, Catherine Mason's floor would have to do.
I wouldn't rely on the Masons' charity for long, however.
I wouldn't need to.
I was eminently employable, if only someone would give me the opportunity to prove it without references.
After meeting with Mr. Glass, I would apply at the Governesses' Benevolent Institution.
I could even ask him if anyone in his circle was in need of the services of an educated woman.
Indeed, this meeting with Mr. Glass could prove quite fruitful.
I had a good feeling about it.
I walked from the lodging house near King's Cross Road to Mayfair.
It took almost an hour, but the air was reasonably clear, allowing some spring sunshine to leak through the gray pall.
I knew the way well enough, having delivered timepieces to wealthy customers who lived there.
I'd even delivered an exquisite watch to a foreign prince when he'd stayed at Brown's Hotel.
Nevertheless, the colonnaded faades of the grand buildings never ceased to amaze me and make me feel small.
My valise no longer felt light by the time I reached Albermarle Street, and my shoulders and arms ached.
The liveried porter of Brown's Hotel opened the front door for me.
I ignored the questioning arch of his brows and his pointed glance at my simple dress and valise, and strolled inside with what I hoped was an air of confidence.
I wanted to at least look like I knew where I was going, even if my stomach had tied itself into knots.
The porter stowed my valise away in a back room and directed me to the tearoom.
I received more curious stares as I scanned the faces for Mr. Glass.
Plain shop girls didn't usually mingle in the tearoom at Brown's with ladies and gentlemen of good breeding.
I felt like a drab piece of sackcloth amid colorful silks and delicate laces.
I spotted Mr. Glass at a table near the window.
He rose and greeted me with a dashing smile that I couldn't help but return, despite my knotted stomach.
He must have had a good rest since we last met, because there was no sign of tiredness in his eyes.
They were as clear and warm as his smile.
There was also no sign of the purplish glow on the skin of his bare hand.
It appeared quite as it shouldtanned, strong, and entirely normal.
"Thank you for coming, Miss Steele," he said, pulling out a chair for me.
"Thank you for the invitation, Mr. Glass, although I'm still unsure what it is you want to ask me."
"I have questions about your father."
"So you said, but what do you want to know about him?"
We were interrupted by the waiter, and my awkwardness returned.
Not only was I unsure if I was expected to pay for my afternoon tea, but everyone at the surrounding tables still stared.
Was I the oddity or was Mr. Glass, with his good looks and somewhat lazy way of sitting?
Or was it the both of us together?
None knew me, but it was quite possible that Mr. Glass's acquaintances were among the other patrons and his meeting a woman like this was about to become the gossip of the week.
"Your finest tea, please," Mr. Glass asked the waiter, "and your best cakes andthings," he added with a dismissive wave of his hand.
"I don't care what.
Do you, Miss Steele?"
"Er, no."
As long as I wasn't expected to pay for them.
Despite the strangeness of Mr. Glass and his relaxed manner, I did peg him as a gentleman, and no gentleman would invite a lady to tea and then ask her to pay her share.
The waiter retreated and Mr. Glass sat forward.
He picked up the small silver fork and twisted it between his fingers.
"You must think my request to meet with you odd," he said.
"No odder than my acceptance of it.
I'm not in the habit of taking tea with strange men."
He held up the fork in surrender.
"Of course not.
I can see that you're a respectable lady."
"You saw that in our brief encounter this morning?
The encounter in which I berated my former fianc, attempted to ruin his business, and stomped on your servant's toe?"
"To be fair, Cyclops deserved it.
I didn't think he would grip you that hard."
He let the fork go and placed a hand to his heart.
"I deserved it more.
Please allow me to apologize most sincerely for my treatment of you.
I wasnot myself.
I'm not ordinarily so rough with women.
It was uncalled for, and I can only apologize for it again and again."
"Apology accepted.
I admit to being somewhat shocked at the time, but I wasn't harmed.
I do suggest that you refrain from hauling women around like a caveman next time you are not feeling like yourself.
Others may not be as forgiving."
He grinned, which I hoped he would.
I did so like his smile with his perfect white teeth against his smooth brown skin.
It made his eyes twinkle too.
"I will try to restrain myself, although I do have a temper and I'm unused to the delicate sensibilities of English women."
"Women approve of being manhandled where you come from?"
"Not many, no.
They usually stomp on toes, and more, if they find themselves in such a situation."
He picked up the fork again and toyed with it.
He seemed to have a problem sitting still.
He must be a man of action.
That sort rarely sat in tearooms with ladies.
"I like your directness, Miss Steele.
It's refreshing.
I was beginning to think all Englishmen and women spoke in roundabout ways without saying what they truly felt."
"I'm not usually so forward, but this morning I'd reached the end of my tether."
The dam had finally burst after seeing Eddie's smug smiles and listening to his inane laughter.
My anger had nowhere to go but out.
It wasn't until later, when I sat quietly in my attic room, that I realized my anger was largely directed at myself nowanger that I'd ever accepted a proposal from a man I didn't love and never could.
"Where are you from, Mr. Glass?
Your accent is unusual."
"My accent is a mix, so I've been told, thanks to the different heritages of my parents and our travels.
I'm recently from America."
"America?
How thrilling."
He chuckled.
"Not particularly."
"It is when the furthest you've traveled is Cheshunt."
He gave me a blank look.
"It's a little north of London."
The waiter arrived with a silver tea-stand laden with slices of cake, sandwiches and pastries.
I'd never seen so many all at once before, or presented so prettily.
My stomach growled.
I hadn't eaten since that morning, and then only a slice of moldy bread that Mrs. Bray had been about to throw out.
Mr. Glass eyed me from beneath long lashes but didn't comment.
He waited until the waiter poured our tea and left us with the pot before urging me to fill my plate.
I took a delicate pastry and ate it in two bites before he'd even begun.
He nudged the cake-stand a little closer to me and I took a slice of cake and ate that.
At his further prompting, I shook my head.
"I'm quite full, thank you," I lied.
My mother had always told me not to make a pig of myself, and I mostly followed her advice.
I tried not to look at the cakes for fear of showing my regret, however.
"That may be so, but I can't possibly eat all of these on my own," he said.
"Please, assist me, or they will go to waste."
If he was going to be so gentlemanly about it, then I might as well.
He sipped his tea, and I had to suppress a giggle.
He looked out of place in a room full of mostly women, a pretty floral teacup in one hand and a pastry in the other.
I wondered if he did this sort of thing in America.
If I had to guess, I'd say he was a gentleman farmer with those brown hands of his.
"Do you mind if I start asking you questions now?"
he said.
"Go ahead.
It's why I'm here."
He set the cup down carefully, as if he were afraid he'd break it.
He stared at the contents for a moment, and when he looked up, that intense stare he'd given me earlier in the day returned.
A shiver trickled down my spine and chilled my skin.
I couldn't make up my mind if I liked being looked at in such a way.
"How old was your father?"
he asked.
That was an odd question to begin with.
"Forty-nine.
Why?"
He sat back in the chair with a softly muttered, "Damn it."
"Why?"
I repeated.
"And why do you want to know about my father anyway?
What has it got to do with buying yourself a new watch?"
His lips twitched at the corners, but he didn't break into a full smile.
"A full stomach makes you curious."
I arched my brow and waited for an answer.
He leaned forward again and picked up his teacup.
"I'm trying to find a man I met five years ago.
He was a watchmaker and made a watch for me that now requires fixing."
"Has it stopped working?"
"It's slowing down."
"You've tried winding it?"
"Do I look like a fool?"
"My apologies."
I sipped my tea and kept my eyes averted.
I heard him sigh again and he shifted in the chair, as if he were regretting asking me to tea.
"Why didn't you show your watch to Eddie?"
I asked.
"He might have been able to fix it."
"Not this watch."
"Why not?
Is it American?
Some American watches are different to ours, but a good watchmaker can work out what needs correcting without damaging the mechanisms.
Eddie isn't a bad watchmaker, he's just limited in the types he can repair.
He wasn't apprenticed to my father.
Would you like me to look at it?
I can assure you, I may be a mere woman, but I was apprenticed to the best watchmaker in the city, perhaps the country.
The only reason I wasn't allowed into the guild and am not able to call myself a master watchmaker is because of their archaic rules that don't allow female members.
It was why"
"Miss Steele."
He held up his hand for me to stop.
I bit my tongue.
"Thank you for your offer, but this watch is a special one.
The original maker is the only one in the world who can repair it."
"That's rather arrogant of him, to make such a claim."
"Nevertheless, I'd like to find him."
I was about to press him to show it to me, but decided against it.
It made no difference to me if he thought only one person could repair it.
"Tell me about this arrogant watchmaker.
So far, he fits the description of several men in the guild."
He seemed to find that amusing.
He smiled, and his shoulders relaxed.
"I admit that I've been running all over London without really knowing what I'm doing and where I'm going."
He sat forward.
"Would you mind helping me narrow my search?"
"I would be delighted.
I take it you don't know his name."
"He called himself Chronos."
"The Greek God of Time?
We can add ridiculous to arrogant.
Go on."
His eyes crinkled at the corners.
"I met him in a saloon in New Mexico, five years ago.
He was English and told me he came from London."
His eyes suddenly shadowed, and he turned serious as he studied the teacup.
"He was an old man then, so it couldn't have been your father."
"Father has never left England anyway.
He's lived above that shop all his life, as his father did, and his father too.
Now Eddie has it," I spat.
His gaze sharpened.
"Your grandfather is a watchmaker?"
"He was.
He's dead."
He stared at me, unblinking.
I shrank back from the force of it.
"When did he die?"
"Before I was born, so he couldn't have been your mysterious Chronos either."
He passed a hand over his eyes and down his face then blew out a breath.
It must be a very special watch indeed to elicit such a reaction.
I could feel his anxiety from across the table.
"Let me see if I have this correct," I said.
"Five years ago, you were given a watch by an Englishman in America who claims that no one else can fix it.
You refuse to let anyone else attempt to fix it, so you traveled all this way to find him.
You don't know his name, or where he lived in London specifically, and you only know that he must be old."
"You have it," he said, absently patting his coat pocket.
I did not mention the fact that he could be dead.
No doubt he'd thought of that, and I didn't want to see disappointment shadow that handsome face.
"Then you have come to the right person.
I know every important watchmaker in London, and most unimportant ones too."
"I had a feeling you would be able to help me," he said.
"I'll pay you for your time, of course.
It may take several days to locate the right man."
Pay me!
Ah, now I understood why he'd chosen me instead of Eddie, or anyone else.
He must have sensed my desperation this morning and guessed I had the time to devote to such a scheme.
"If you insist," I said as graciously as I could manage while trying to hold back my smile.
"What is the current wage for a shop assistant in London?"
he asked.
"One with experience could hope for a pound.
I don't know about any other sort of assistant."
"A pound then."
He held out his hand.
"Deal?"
I shook his hand firmly, as my father had always taught me when shaking a man's hand after a particularly lucrative transaction.
"Deal," I repeated, mimicking his accent.
He laughed softly.
"Have another cake, Miss Steele.
Then lets begin."
I ate a slice, touched my napkin to the corners of my mouth, and washed it down with a gulp of tea.
I wasn't being very ladylike, but I was no lady and he didn't seem to notice.
"Most watchmakers are traditionally located in Clerkenwell and St. Luke's," I said, "but you'll find some scattered elsewhere.
My ancestor set up his premises on St. Martin's Lane and we've been there ever since."
"Until your former fianc took it from you."
I couldn't meet his gaze.
It had been one thing to air my dirty linen when I'd been mad at Eddie, but it was quite another to be reminded of my shocking behavior, and by a gentleman too.
"My father thought that only a man could manage the business."
I don't know why I wanted to explain the situation to him.
It seemed important that he know that Father loved me, but he'd been duped.
"He liked precision, organization, and neatness, so he changed his will when I became engaged, thinking that Eddie could be relied upon to keep his word.
No one expected him to die suddenly before the wedding.
And to be fair to Father, Eddie was very sweet up until then.
It wasn't until the funeral when he showed what a nasty little worm he was."
Mr. Glass remained silent, and I wished I hadn't blurted out my problems all over again.
He must think me as pathetic as I felt.
"My mother used to tell me that God would punish people like that after they're dead," he said.
"I wish Eddie would get his come-uppance in _this_ lifetime where I could see it and enjoy  it."
One corner of his mouth kicked up.
"You and I think alike."
He lifted his teacup in salute.
Finding it empty, he refilled both mine and his.
"Will you be staying in London long after you've found the old watchmaker?"
I heard myself ask with a hint of breathiness in my voice.
He shook his head.
"I've business to take care of back home."
Pity.
"Tell me what your watchmaker looks like," I said.
"Aside from being old, that is."
"He had blue eyes, white hair, and was otherwise non-descript.
I got the feeling he was running away from something or someone."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because most folk who end up in Broken Creek, New Mexico, are usually running away from something or someone."
"Is that why you were there, Mr.
Glass?"
His eyes twinkled but no smile touched his lips.
"I visited for the scenery."
"Is it beautiful?"
"To some."
He didn't elaborate, and I got the feeling he no longer wanted to discuss his past in Broken Creek.
"So tell me which watchmakers you've visited already," I said.
"That will narrow our search."
"My lawyer informed me that most live in Clerkenwell, as you yourself noted.
I began there this morning."
He listed a half-dozen whose names I recognized, although I knew none personally.
"I decided to stop in at Masons' and Hardacre's on my way home.
Indeed, I was told that it was named Steele's and was surprised to see the painter changing the sign.
I'm glad you were there, Miss Steele.
Our meeting has an air of fortuitousness about it."
I smiled.
"I agree.
I've had a good feeling about it ever since our encounter."
"Even when I manhandled you?"
"Perhaps it started after that."
We discussed returning to Clerkenwell's watchmakers, but in the end, decided to investigate the better class of horologists elsewhere in the city.
Mr. Glass insisted the man he'd met five years ago had been educated with a middle class accent and not a slum one.
After spending most of the morning in Clerkenwell, he'd already learned the difference.
Fortunately I knew most of those watchmakers well, since Father had been friendly with them back when he still liked and respected the guild members.
A twang of guilt over my role in his falling out with the guild twisted my gut.
He'd fallen out with the other members over _my_ application.
Once the teapot was empty and most of the delicious confections gone, Mr. Glass patted his jacket pocket and stood.
The waiter brought hat and gloves, and Mr. Glass paid for the both of us.
He escorted me to the hotel entrance, but I hung back to retrieve my valise.
I had planned on waiting until he'd gone, but he seemed to be waiting for me to exit first.
"Are you staying here at Brown's?"
I asked him.
"No, I have a house not far away," he said.
I didn't ask how someone who'd never set foot on English soil until two days ago could possibly have a house, but perhaps there was a family link somewhere.
It would explain part of the accent and the fact he had a lawyer.
"Thank you, Miss Steele.
I enjoyed your company today," he said.
Oh dear.
He wanted me to leave first.
Should I go and come back for my valise after he'd gone, or let him see it and know I was now homeless?
The decision was made for me by the porter I'd met upon entering.
He deposited the valise at my feet.
"You almost forgot your luggage," he said with a wicked gleam in his eye.
My face flared with heat.
"Thank you.
So kind of you to collect it for me."
He bowed and left.
With a clenching of back teeth, I turned to Mr. Glass.
He was frowning at my valise.
Since the cat was out of the bag, I might as well give it a further nudge.
I had nothing to lose.
"Mr. Glass, may I be so bold as to ask for an advance against wages?
It's just that I have expenses, you see, and no other employment at present."
He blinked slowly.
"Of course.
I'll give you the entire week's wage now.
Will that cover expenses?"
An entire week!
What a generous fellow.
"Most assuredly.
Thank you."
He glanced around.
"Pretend to grow teary," he said quietly.
It took me a moment to realize he wanted to conduct the transaction in a way that would protect my reputation.
I sniffed and touched my finger to my lowered eyes while he surreptitiously folded some coins into his handkerchief.
He handed it to me, and I used it to dab away my fake tears before dropping it into my reticule.
The transaction was all very clandestine, and I was quite sure no one had noticed and come to the wrong conclusionor the right one, as the case may be.
"Miss Steele, am I correct in assuming that you're on your way to a new abode today?"
He nodded at the valise.
"I'm going to my friend, Catherine Mason's, house."
It wasn't quite a lie, and it would be too embarrassing to tell him that I'd been thrown out of the lodging house I'd been staying in for the last two weeks.
"Is that Catherine Mason of Masons And Sons?"
he asked.
"Does she live above the family shop?"
"Next door.
Her eldest brother now lives above the shop with his wife and child.
It won't take me long by omnibus."
"If you'd like to wait here, I can have Cyclops drive you."
"Thank you, that is very generous, but I can't possibly impose on you any further.
The advancement of wages is more than enough.
Besides, the omnibus route isn't far and it's a pleasant day for a walk."
He glanced through the front window at the sky.
"You call this a pleasant day?
The sky is gray and I feel it's so close that I'll be smothered by it."
"It wouldn't be a London sky if it was blue and high."
I picked up my valise and the porter held open the door for me.
Mr. Glass followed me outside and down the steps.
"I'll collect you in the morning from the Masons' house," he said, brushing his thumb over his jacket pocket in what struck me as an absent-minded motion.
It was at least the third time he'd done it this afternoon.
Whatever was in there must be importantperhaps that strange glowing object.
"Be careful of pick pockets," I said.
At his frown, I nodded at his jacket pocket.
He placed his hands behind his back.
"There's nothing in there," he said stiffly.
"Just a handkerchief."
"You carry two?"
"Teary eyed women are common in America."
A bubble of laughter almost escaped, but I swallowed it down.
He looked quite serious and more than a little annoyed.
I couldn't think how my warning would annoy anyone, but I shrugged it off.
"What time tomorrow?"
I asked.
"Is nine too early?"
"Not for me."
Clearly he wasn't like other men of his ilk who slept in until noon.
He gave me a curt nod and I went on my way.
I couldn't help stealing a glance from the street corner, but Mr. Glass had already left.
The omnibus route was indeed close, and I didn't have long to wait before one rattled by.
Fortune was smiling on me that afternoon because I managed to get a seat inside, facing a gentleman reading a newspaper.
When Father's eyesight deteriorated, I read him the newspaper every evening, but I hadn't bought one since his death.
I'd needed to save every penny.
I quickly scanned the front page for something interesting.
There were several articles, but one headline stood out above all others: AMERICAN OUTLAW SIGHTED IN ENGLAND.
My chest tightened.
My blood ran cold.
No, surely not.
Surely the handsome and gentlemanly Mr. Glass wasn't an outlaw.
Surely his recent arrival here and that of the man depicted in the newspaper's sketch with WANTED printed above it was just a coincidence.
It was difficult to tell if they were one and the same from the black and white drawing.
The outlaw had a scruffy beard and moustache, and wore a large hat pulled down over his face.
_That's_ what an outlaw looked like.
He wasn't well dressed and cleanly shaved.
Wild West outlaws were filthy and crude.
They behaved like cavemen.
Oh God.
What had I got myself into?
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 # Chapter 3
I read as much of the article as I could before the man and his newspaper alighted from the omnibus.
It claimed that very little was known about the outlaw, not even his name.
He'd been dubbed Dark Rider by the _Las Vegas Gazette_ because no one had seen his face and his crimes were committed during the night.
Dark Rider had held up stagecoaches, stolen horses, and murdered a lawman who'd tracked him down.
A colorful account of the aborted arrest took up most of the article, but what caught my eye was the final paragraph.
A reward of two thousand dollars was being offered for his capture.
I didn't know how much that was in English money but it was an impressive number.
It had to be more than the pound's worth of coins now sitting in my reticule.
I couldn't stop thinking about it and the outlaw the rest of the way to the Masons'  house.
"Of course you can stay," Catherine said, when she led me to the kitchen.
"Can't she, Mama?"
Mrs. Mason smiled a weak greeting then pounded her fist into a mound of dough.
"As long as your father doesn't mind."
"Why would he mind?
India is my oldest friend, and she needs us now."
Catherine squeezed my hand and rolled her eyes.
"He'll be home shortly," Mrs. Mason said, giving the dough a particularly heavy beating.
The Masons kept no maid, and whenever I saw Catherine or her mother, they wore aprons and could be found in the kitchen.
Their house was perpetually full of delicious smells.
"I don't want to be any trouble."
I nibbled on my lower lip.
Perhaps my coming here had been a mistake.
The Masons didn't have much charity to offer.
"It'll only be for the night.
I'll sleep on the floor and eat the scraps from the table.
Oh, and I can pay you.
My new employer gave me a week's wages in advance."
Mrs. Mason stopped kneading.
"A penny or two would help to ease Mr. Mason's mind."
She smiled, more genuinely this time.
"You're a sweet friend to our Catherine and always welcome here.
It's just that" She shook her head and glanced at the door.
"What is it, Mama?"
Catherine prompted.
"You're a young woman, India, and we have two impressionable young men in the house still.
That's all."
"Oh.
I didn't think about that," I said.
Catherine laughed.
"Ronnie and Gareth don't interest India in the least, Mama.
She can do quite a bit better than my dull-witted brothers."
Her mother returned to her dough.
"Even so."
"Ronnie and Gareth are like brothers to me," I said.
Hopefully it was enough to reassure her that I wasn't about to trap her sons into marriage.
Admittedly it stung that she thought I would.
She must also know that her sons would have no interest in me, no matter what methods I used to trap them.
Like Catherine, the Mason boys were all attractive and fair.
They could have their pick of girls.
I was too old for them, and too plain with my straight brown hair, short stature and a waist that refused to shrink to a more fashionable size no matter how tightly I pulled my corset laces.
Catherine led me by the hand up the stairs to her room.
She shut the door and tossed herself onto the bed.
She patted the mattress beside her.
"Ronnie heard a rumor that you confronted Eddie.
Is that so?
Tell me what happened."
Her long pale lashes fanned over her big blue eyes in innocent wonder.
It was not surprising that she had several suitors vying for her hand.
A few years younger than me, and quite a lot taller and prettier, the youths always followed her about like puppies.
She seemed to enjoy the attention, but I expected it must get tiresome after a while.
"I tried," I told her.
"I did manage to ruin a transaction with his customer."
Although I was no longer sure if Mr. Glass was there to purchase a watch after all.
Catherine giggled into her hand.
"Good for you.
That horrible little man iswell, he's horrible.
Father is refusing to send any custom his way now, even if it's something we don't stock and he knows Steele'sI mean, Hardacre'sdoes."
"Your father is an honorable man."
She placed her hand over mine on my lap and gave me a sympathetic smile.
"I'm glad you still think so.
I know it wasn't easy to forgive him after the guild made their decision, but he had to go along with the majority."
"I don't blame him."
I must have sounded convincing because she seemed to believe me.
The truth was, I did blame Mr. Mason for not standing up to them.
Father had said he'd sat quietly and not said a word during the meeting among the senior guild members at which my application for membership had been tabled.
A mere week before that, Mr. Mason had urged me to apply.
The about-face baffled me.
The relationship between our two families had never been quite the same again, although my friendship with Catherine remained unchanged, thank goodness.
I knew so few other women of similar age that the loss of her friendship would have been worse than my broken engagement to Eddie.
"Tell me about your new position," Catherine said.
"Does it involve watches?"
"In a way."
"Good.
You've got a knack for fine repair work, so Father says.
He was quite impressed by how quickly you learned everything.
He used to hold you up as an example of why women ought to be allowed to perform men's work if they chose."
She screwed up her nose.
"Sorry, India, but I am glad he stopped all that.
I began to feel quite inadequate next to your perfection."
"I'm hardly perfect," I scoffed.
"Father has always appreciated brains over beauty."
She patted her bouncy blonde curls.
"Some men do, you know," she added, as if such men were a rarity.
"Most prefer a little of both," I said, laughing, "but not too much of either."
She broke into giggles again.
"We'd be quite the combination if we were one person," I said, still smiling.
"With your looks and my watchmaking skills, we'd have all the gentlemen for miles around purchasing our watches."
"Stop putting yourself down like that, India."
She nudged my elbow.
"You're pretty.
I don't know why you think you're not."
"Because next to you, I'm not."
"Bollocks."
She giggled at the crass word.
"That Eddie Hardacre has a lot to answer for, always putting you down the way he did.
I don't know what you saw in him."
"Nor do I," I said on a sigh.
"I suppose it was because he was the first man to pay me much attention and the first to ask me to marry him."
"He was only the first because you intimidate most other men."
"I do not!"
"You do.
Ask Ronnie and Gareth.
You frighten them to death."
"That's because I don't fall at their feet and run hither and thither to please them like other girls."
"That and your quick tongue.
They think you're going to tease them."
I rolled my eyes, but her words were quite a shock.
Did men truly find me intimidating?
All men, or just pretty brainless twits like her younger brothers?
"Where's the shop located?"
she asked.
At my blank look, she added, "The shop where you'll be working?"
"It's not a shop.
It's a short-term commission to help a gentleman find a certain watchmaker he met some years ago.
I know it sounds odd," I said when she blinked back at me.
"But the gentleman seems very nice and he's paying well.
The work won't be much, and I can continue to make inquiries for further employment while I'm driven to every watchmaker in the city."
"See what I mean.
I would never have thought of that.
How clever of you.
Soooo" She nudged me again.
"Is this gentleman handsome?"
"Very.
He's also amiable and wealthy.
We had tea at Brown's."
She gasped.
"Then you must wear something prettier than that old dress."
She jumped up and opened the drawer where she kept her gowns.
"Catherine, I won't fit into any of your clothes."
"Oh."
She closed the drawer and regarded me with a critical eye.
"Then we'll do something with your hair.
I've been wanting to modernize your style for some time."
I sighed and succumbed to her ministrations.
She plucked out the pins and ran her hands through the tresses.
"Your handsome gentleman employer will be surprised to see you tomorrow.
I think we can cinch your waist a little more, too."
I groaned.
"He's not a prospect, Catherine."
"Every unattached man is a prospect."
She paused, her hands in my hair.
"He isn't married, is he?"
"He didn't mention a wife, but I didn't ask."
"You must find out for certain, first thing.
Now, what else can you tell me about him?"
I told her his name and that he was American with possibly some English heritage.
She oohed and aahed as I thought she would and bounced on her toes when I told her he had a house in Mayfair.
I told her everything I remembered from our conversation.
I didn't tell her there was quite a good chance he was a Wild West outlaw on the run.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
"She shouldn't stay here."
Mr. Mason's hissed voice could barely be heard over the clatter of pots and pans in the kitchen as Mrs. Mason washed dishes.
He had dismissed all of us except his wife after the evening meal.
Throughout dinner, he'd cast odd looks my way, as if he were seeing me in a new light.
It was so strange that I'd almost asked him if something was amiss, but decided against it.
He must simply feel peculiar having me stay in his house without Father, and perhaps he missed Father's company too.
I'd returned to the kitchen for a drink, but stopped upon hearing Mr. Mason's whisper.
"She's too close to Catherine," he went on.
"India's a good girl, sensible," Mrs. Mason said.
"Catherine could learn a thing or two from her."
I leaned closer.
"You don't understand," he said heavily.
Although I couldn't see him, I pictured him sitting at the table, running his hands over his bald head.
"Then explain it to me."
"II can't."
A chair scraped and footsteps approached.
I hid in a dark recess and waited for him to leave before I returned to Catherine's room.
My feet felt like logs, my heart sore.
Why didn't Mr. Mason want me here?
Was I truly a threat to his sons?
Did he think me no longer a virtuous woman now that my father was gone?
I could think of no other reasonnothing else had changed since I'd last seen him.
So why did he no longer want me near his family?
"You didn't bring up the jug," Catherine said when I returned to her room.
"I'm no longer thirsty."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
The noses of the entire Mason household were pressed against the front window when Mr. Glass arrived in his carriage.
The men tossed out words like coupler, shafts and axles as if they were coachbuilders not watchmakers, while the women argued about how much he must earn a year to own such a handsome conveyance.
I opened the door and went out to greet him.
"Good morning, miss," said Cyclops from the driver's seat.
"Forgive me for not coming down, but I only got one good foot left and I don't want to risk it."
He flashed a grin as wide as his face and tugged on his cap.
Someone smelling of bacon sidled up behind me.
"India," Mrs. Mason whispered in my ear.
"As a respectable woman and good friend to your poor departed parents, I feel that it's my duty to make sure you know what you're doing."
"Why now?
You were aware that Mr. Glass was collecting me yesterday."
"Yes.
Well.
Now I've seen his coachman and I'm having doubts.
Are you sure he's not a pirate?
He's only got one eye."
"I don't _think_ pirates have such nice smiles. "
My flippant response may have been to tease her a little, but in truth, my heart was hammering.
It wasn't in my character to ride in carriages with strange men.
If my parents were here, they'd disallow it or insist on coming along.
I knew the Masons wouldn't treat me the way they'd treat their own daughter, but it was kind of Mrs. Mason to act as my conscience.
On this occasion, however, I was going to ignore it.
I couldn't afford to be cautious.
It wasn't just the pound that was at stake anymore, it was the two thousand American dollars.
Mr. Glass's long legs unfolded from the cabin and he stepped onto the pavement.
"Good morning, Miss Steele.
Mr. Mason," he added, holding his hand out to Catherine's father.
"Pleased to see you again, sir."
Mr. Mason had avoided me all morning.
Well, perhaps not _avoided_ me.
He'd gone to his workshop before I'd woken.
While I wanted to know for certain why he no longer thought me a good influence on Catherine, I also didn't want to be told to my face that I was a poor example.
My stretched nerves couldn't take any more strain.
Besides, I was grateful not to have been thrown out of the  house.
Mr. Glass shook the hand of each member of the Mason family as the head of the household introduced them.
"You're still looking for your watch's maker?"
Mr. Mason asked.
"I am," Mr. Glass said.
"My offer from yesterday still stands.
I'll see if I can repair it for you."
"Thank you, but I prefer the original watchmaker himself to do it."
"Most watches don't differ greatly from one another, you know.
I'm sure I can manage to work it out if it's one I haven't seen before."
He laughed a little nervously, making his jowls shake.
"Not this watch."
Mr. Glass folded the carriage step down for me then held out his hand.
"Where to first, Miss Steele?"
"Oxford Street, at the Marble Arch end," I said.
"Do you know where that is, Mr. Cyclops?
It's not far from Mayfair."
Cyclops studied a dirty and much crumpled map spread out on his lap.
"I know it.
And it's just Cyclops, miss, no mister."
Mr. Mason clasped the button edge of his waistcoat over his stomach.
Mrs. Mason was an excellent seamstress and could modify a great many items of clothing, but she couldn't make her husband's waistcoat larger to fit over his increasing girth.
"What makes this watch particularly special?"
Mr. Mason pressed.
The nervous laughter had died, and he now seemed anxious to catch every word that fell from Mr. Glass's lips.
Mr. Glass bestowed a smile on him, but his shoulders had gone quite rigid.
"If I knew that, I wouldn't need to find the original watchmaker."
He climbed in and Gareth folded up the step and closed the door.
Cyclops had the horse pulling away from the curb before Mr. Mason could speak another word.
The poor man stood there, his mouth open, his eyes darting between Mr. Glass and me.
He'd gone a little pale, which hadn't escaped his wife's notice.
She clutched his arm but he seemed not to register her presence.
I waved to Catherine through the window and tried not to show her how anxious I felt.
By the look on her face, she was anxious enough for us both.
Mr. Glass angled his legs so that they did not touch my skirts.
"I hope you're refreshed, Miss Steele.
We've a lot to do this morning."
"There are several watchmakers in and around Oxford Street," I said.
"Cyclops can remain near Marble Arch and we can walk from there.
It will take longer than the morning, however.
As you said, there's a lot to do."
He leaned his elbow on the window ledge and rubbed the back of his finger over his lips in thought.
Shadows flickered through his tired eyes.
"We can return this afternoon after luncheon."
"There are some excellent chop houses in the area.
We can dine at one of those and resume our investigation immediately."
"I prefer to return home for an hour or two."
I was about to protest that no one needed that long to eat luncheon, but held it in check.
Perhaps long lunches were an American custom.
It wasn't my place to disagree with him when he was paying me.
Nor was it my place to ask him why he was so tired this morning, although the curiosity would probably force me to at some point during the day.
"As you wish, Mr. Glass," I said.
"But we do have quite a lot of watchmakers to visit, and I require some time to myself."
"For shopping?"
"For making inquiries at employment agencies, as well as lodging houses."
He arched his brows.
"You're not staying with the Masons?"
I had to tell him at some point that he wouldn't be collecting me from there tomorrow morning, but I hesitated nevertheless.
In the end, I could only do it while not looking directly at him.
"I don't want to inconvenience the Masons any more than I have."
He was silent a long time in which I could feel his gaze on me as I pretended to take interest in the passing scenery through the window.
"You can stay in my house for the duration of your employment," he finally said.
I gasped and snapped my gaze to his.
I was lost for words, something that happened rarely.
He smiled, sending my already rapidly beating heart plunging.
"Well?"
he prompted.
"I I" I sounded witless, but I couldn't think of an excuse to refuse him.
Live under the same roof as a foreigner who was quite possibly a gunslinger?
I'd be mad to consider it.
"I shouldn't.
It wouldn't be proper."
"You don't seem like you're in a position to worry about what's proper."
At my second gasp, he merely shrugged.
"Are you?"
"No-o," I hedged, "but it's not polite to point that out to a woman in reduced circumstances."
"My apologies.
The rules surrounding politeness here are numerous.
I'm not familiar with them all yet."
"You're forgiven."
"So is that a definite refusal of my offer?"
I should say that it was without hesitation.
I ought to insist on finding my own accommodation.
But it would be wonderful not to have to worry about it for the week.
And living in the same house as Mr. Glass would make it easier to spy on him and learn the truth.
If I locked my door at night and slept with a knife under my pillow then I ought to be safe.
Besides, the newspaper article didn't say the outlaw attacked women, only stole horses and robbed stagecoachesaside from the murder, that is.
I had nothing of value for him to steal, and I wasn't a lawman.
If I learned something that connected him to the man in the newspaper, I would tell only the police and not give him so much as a hint of my suspicions.
"I'll stay with you only if I live in the servants' quarters and you tell everyone that I am your housekeeper or maid," I said.
"I employ charwomen, not maids.
My female cousin came over with me and is staying in the house.
Does having another woman present make you feel more at ease?"
"Yes, it does."
"Then consider yourself a temporary guest of number sixteen Park Street, Mayfair."
The speed at which the decision had been made was dizzying.
It took a moment to sink in that I was about to live like a duchess in one of London's best addresses for a week.
When it did finally sink in, I had to bite the inside of my lip to hide my smile.
Mr. Glass didn't hide his.
"It's a nice house," he said, his tone teasing.
"It's a little larger than what I'm used to, but I like it."
"Thank you," I said.
"It's very kind of you.
Oh, that reminds me."
I opened my reticule and removed his handkerchief.
"Thank you for this.
I don't know where I'd be without it."
"Glad I could be of assistance."
The way he said it didn't make me feel at all wretched for my situation.
On the contrary, I felt like I'd done him a favor by accepting his offer of work.
I supposed I had.
The only other people who could point out all the watchmakers in the city were already in gainful employment and wouldn't be available for the time-consuming task.
He pocketed the handkerchief and, as his hand moved away, he went to touch the coat pocket that he'd touched several times the day before, only to check himself.
He glanced at me and smiled again, but I wasn't fooled.
He was looking to see if I'd noticed.
I smiled back, pretending that I hadn't.
Cyclops pulled to the side of the road near Marble Arch and Mr. Glass assisted me from the coach.
"No more than three hours," Cyclops called down.
"Sir."
Mr. Glass held up his hand in dismissal and waited at the curb for the traffic to ease.
After a moment, I said, "We'll have to take our chances in that gap."
With one hand holding onto my hat and the other picking up my skirts, we dashed across to the Oxford Street side.
"Is the traffic as bad as this where you're from?"
I asked as we passed by a draper's shop where a lovely red silk had been displayed to best catch the morning light.
"No," Mr. Glass said.
I tore my gaze away from the silks at his curt answer.
It took a moment before I realized he wouldn't want to give me too much information about himself if he were an outlaw.
The notion both thrilled and worried me.
"Do you live in a city or village?"
I pressed on nevertheless.
"A large town at present, but I've lived all over the world."
"Really?
Where, precisely?"
"France, Italy, Prussia, and now America."
"Where in America?"
"Here and there."
He sidestepped around a boy carrying an empty crate on his shoulder and waited for me to catch up.
He shortened his strides to keep apace with me.
"You mentioned a place in New Mexico," I went on.
"Broken Creek, was it?"
"Yes."
"How long did you live there?"
"I didn't live there."
"Then where did you live?"
"You ask a lot of questions, Miss Steele."
"I'm naturally inquisitive, but if I am to live in your house, I'd feel more comfortable if I knew you better."
There.
That didn't sound at all suspiciously nosy, simply cautious.
"This looks like our first stop," he said, nodding at the sign jutting out from the doorway still some shops away.
He was definitely avoiding answering.
Mr. Thompson's shop was not unlike my father's or Mr. Mason's, although somewhat smaller.
Rent was higher on Oxford Street and there was no space for a workshop at the back.
I happened to know that Mr. Thompson no longer made watches or clocks, but sold ones manufactured in Clerkenwell factories.
Mr. Thompson looked up from the cabinet, where he was rearranging watches, and smiled at Mr. Glass.
He turned to me and the smile faded.
"Miss Steele!
What are you doing here?"
He backed away and rounded the counter bench, placing it between us.
"Good morning, Mr. Thompson," I said, stepping up to the counter.
He moved to the side, away from me.
I followed, but he moved a little farther again and made a great fuss over the selection of watch chains laid out on a velvet mat.
His gaze slid sideways, watching me.
I hadn't seen Mr. Thompson in two years, and clearly I hadn't changed or he wouldn't have recognized me.
He'd been amiable to me back then, so why this odd behavior now?
"This is Mr. Glass," I said.
"He's looking for a particular watchmaker who went to America some five years ago."
Mr. Thompson glanced at Mr. Glass and nodded a greeting.
"He would be older than you are, Mr. Thompson," Mr. Glass said.
"Do you know of any watchmakers who were in America around that time?
He would be quite old now.
Your father, perhaps?"
Mr. Thompson, who was about my father's age, shook his head.
"My father was a chandler not a watchmaker.
And I don't know anyone who has been to America.
Do you wish to purchase a new watch, sir?
Or clock?"
"Not today."
Mr. Thompson cleared his throat, looked at me then pointedly at the door.
He couldn't have been clearer if he'd shouted, "Get out!"
at the top of his voice.
I marched out of the shop, Mr. Glass at my heels.
I puzzled on Mr. Thompson's greeting until we reached the next watchmaker, a narrow shop of little more than a door's width wedged between a jeweler and tobacconist.
Mr. Baxter, the proprietor, had been a friend to my father and one of the few to come to his funeral, although he'd not stayed after the ceremony.
I expected a hearty, friendly greeting at least, as he was a blustery, generous man whose character was as big as his barrel chest.
Yet he too stood behind his counter to speak to me, as if it were a shield to hide behind, if necessary.
Unlike Mr. Thompson, Mr. Baxter could hardly look at me, and seemed quite ill at ease, something that I would never have associated with him.
We asked our questions, he gave brief answers, and Mr. Glass and I left without being any closer to finding Chronos.
We had to cross busy Oxford Street to get to the next shop on my list, one that I'd been dreading before and felt even more anxious about now, after being received so strangely by both Mr. Thompson and Mr. Baxter.
I couldn't even describe their receptions as frosty.
It was as if they were wary of me.
Perhaps they expected me to argue with them over their refusal to allow me into the guild.
They had, after all, voted against my admission, along with the other members.
But it was the next watchmaker on my list who'd been most vehement in refusing me, according to Father after he returned home the night of the vote.
Mr. Abercrombie was president of the guild and had held the position for the past few years because no one dared speak against him.
He had inherited a fortune as well as the shop from his father and so could afford the best tools and supplies.
The queen had purchased a clock from his father some thirty years ago, and Mr. Abercrombie had made an excellent living off the claim ever since.
He now boasted the custom of princes and lords and had four staff working for him in his shop alone.
He wielded power within the guild, with every other member bowing to his wishes.
If he didn't want a watchmaker to belong to the guild, then he wouldn't be allowed in.
Every member would vote as Mr. Abercrombie advised.
And if a watchmaker couldn't belong to the guild, he couldn't legally sell watches in England.
It was why Father had been so upset when my application had been refusedand it explained why he'd given the shop to Eddie instead of me.
Eddie, as a man, was admitted.
Abercrombie's Fine Watches And Clocks was triple the size of Mr. Thompson's shop and occupied a prominent corner.
Mr. Glass held the door open for me, but I shook my head.
"You go in and ask your questions without me," I said.
"My presence is not required."
He glanced back across the street to Baxter's, frowned slightly, then nodded.
"Very well."
I watched through the window.
The slender figure of Mr. Abercrombie stood in the center of the shop, his hands at his back.
With his oiled moustache and pince-nez perched on the edge of his nose, he looked as respectable as any of his royal clients.
He directed one of his staff to take Mr. Glass's hat and coat, but Mr. Glass refused.
He spoke and Mr. Abercrombie responded with a quizzical expression.
He spoke, presumably to offer to look at Mr. Glass's special watch instead.
Although his back was to me, I could see Mr. Glass heave a sigh.
He must be tired of hearing the same responses.
Mr. Abercrombie spread out his hands to indicate all his wonderful wares.
My gaze followed the motion, and I couldn't stop staring at the lovely mahogany long-case clock with the brass dial displayed behind the counter.
It was quite a spectacular piece.
Movement caught my eye, and suddenly Mr. Abercrombie came marching through the door.
He caught my arm before I could run off.
"It _is_ you! "
He peered over the top of his pince-nez at me.
If the rabid look in his eye didn't make me shrink away, his stinking breath certainly did.
"What are you doing here, Miss Steele?"
I swallowed and tried to pull away from him, but he held me too tightly.
"I'm just shopping, Mr. Abercrombie.
Let me go, please, or I'll scream."
"Go ahead and scream.
I'll tell everyone you stole from me."
I gasped.
"Why would you do that?
Why do you hate me so?"
His only response was to dig his fingers in more.
I winced as the nails bit through my sleeve to my skin.
"Unhand Miss Steele," came the low growl from behind Mr. Abercrombie.
I hadn't seen Mr. Glass emerge from the shop, but he now appeared over the watchmaker's shoulder, a dark scowl scoring his forehead, his eyes as black as thunderclouds.
"You know her?"
Mr. Abercrombie said, not letting me go.
"What is this?
What's going on?"
"I said, unhand her.
_Now_. "
If I were Mr. Abercrombie, and Mr. Glass had spoken to me in such a fearsome way, I would have done what he'd demandedand quickly.
But Mr. Abercrombie didn't.
"Tell me what it is you really want or I'll accuse her of theft," he said.
"You can't accuse me of stealing when I've nothing of yours," I snapped.
"Let me go, Mr. Abercrombie.
You're hurting me."
The blood had indeed stopped flowing to my lower arm and hand.
My fingers throbbed.
Mr. Abercrombie pulled me against him, grinned in my face, and slipped something inside my pocket.
I didn't need to look to know that it would be a watch.
"Thief!"
Mr. Abercrombie cried.
"Someone fetch a constable!
I've caught a thief."
* Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 # Chapter 4
Mr. Abercrombie's cry stoked the shoppers and shopkeepers into action.
One woman screamed, another pulled her small child to her hip, and doors shut firmly.
Three men, however, charged toward us.
One, a butcher going by his bloodied apron, held a knife.
"I'm not a thief!"
I shouted, desperately trying to pull myself free of Mr. Abercrombie's grip.
His lip curled into a sneer, and Mr. Glass punched that sneer off his face.
The watchmaker's fingers sprang apart, letting me go.
He stumbled to the side with a groan of agony, clutching his jaw.
Before I could gather my wits and my skirts, Mr. Glass snatched my hand and hauled me away in a sprint.
His other hand pressed against his coat, over his inside pocket.
"Stop!
Thief!"
someone behind us bellowed.
I didn't dare glance over my shoulder.
It was difficult enough keeping up with Mr. Glass's pace, as he dodged around those attempting to stop us and other obstacles in our path.
The voices behind didn't grow further away, however, no matter how fast we ran.
And I couldn't run any faster.
My blasted corset made it impossible to take a deep breath.
My chest ached with the need for air.
My face felt like it would explode from heat and my throat constricted.
I didn't dare ask him to slow down, however.
If I were caught, I would go to prison for God knew how long.
London's prisons were little better than lice infested, disease soaked hells.
The pedestrians and obstacles thinned as we left the shopping precinct.
We found ourselves in a narrow street filled with stables behind Mayfair's grand houses.
Coachmen driving empty coaches glanced down at the men still chasing us but didn't stop to help.
A stable boy stepped onto the street ahead and raised his fists.
Mr. Glass could have easily pushed the scrappy lad aside, but he darted left under an archwaystraight into a yard with no other exits.
He swore in a strong American accent and called London more confusing than a "honeycomb designed by drunken bees".
I would have admonished him for his foul language if I had the breath.
As it was, I had to fight for every one.
My vision turned black at the edges too, and I had to grip his hand tightly to remain steady.
Part of me was relieved to stop, yet I knew it meant the end.
We were trapped.
The butcher and two others stood beneath the arch, grinning like foxes.
"Got you now," the butcher snarled.
With his bloodied apron and monstrous knife in hand, he looked as if he were preparing to carve us into bite-sized pieces.
"Turn around now and no one need get hurt," Mr. Glass said in that low, commanding voice he'd used on Abercrombie.
It hadn't worked then and it didn't work now.
The butcher and his colleagues approached at a steady pace.
I backed up against a brick wall, Mr. Glass at my side.
"Can you run?"
he murmured.
My breath had not yet returned and little stars danced before my eyes, but I nodded.
I had to run.
There were no other choices.
"I'll distract them while you slip away," he said.
"Skirt around the edge to the archway.
Turn left and then right.
Wait for me there."
I squeezed his hand, hoping he would understand that I wanted to ask him how he planned on meeting me with three men in the way.
But he didn't understand the squeeze, and only pushed me aside to safety.
The butcher and one of his friends closed the distance on Mr. Glass.
The third man prowled toward me.
Sweat dampened his face and hair, and he breathed heavily.
The look in his eyes wasn't one I'd ever seen before.
They were glassy, glazed, the pupils taking over most of the whites.
He seemed unaware of the fight breaking out near him, and completely focused on me.
There was no point trying to tell him there'd been a mistake.
I couldn't reason with someone in the grip of feverish madness.
I stumbled backward, but somehow maintained my balance.
With arms out at his sides, he licked his lips and advanced on me.
I could try to go around, as Mr. Glass had suggested, but I wouldn't be fast enough.
I had to engage him and somehow get the upper hand physically.
My best chance was to trip him over.
With any luck, momentum would propel him into the wall behind me.
To do that, I needed to encourage him to come toward me at a run.
I picked up my skirts and darted to my left.
With a twisted grin, he came after me.
I ran a little, looking over my shoulder.
When he was almost upon me, I dashed to the side and thrust out my foot.
He fell over but didn't hit the wall.
I didn't wait to see if he recovered.
I ran out through the arch and turned left, then right, where I pressed my back to a wall and gasped as much air into my lungs as I could.
A moment later, running footsteps approached.
I got my foot ready again, but it was Mr. Glass.
He held the butcher's knife.
Without a word, he clasped my hand again, and we ran together down the street.
No one followed.
There were no footsteps behind us, only the sound of my breathingnot hisand the distant rumble of carriage wheels.
If I'd not been holding Mr. Glass's hand, I would have run into things.
The stars in my vision had turned to black spots.
As it was, my shoulder bumped a wall as we rounded another corner.
I stumbled, only to be caught by Mr. Glass.
My head swam and I couldn't quite see him through the black haze.
I felt myself falling and landed on the pavement.
Or perhaps he had lowered me.
I couldn't be sure of much anymore, except that I needed to breathe or I would pass out altogether.
"Unbutton your waistcoat," Mr. Glass demanded.
I tried to say, "Pardon?"
but all that came out was a strangled gasp.
"Unbutton your waistcoat.
The dress too."
When I simply stared ahead at his blurry silhouette, hoping that I was somehow conveying my shock at his suggestion, he clicked his tongue.
Strong nimble fingers undid my waistcoat.
I batted them away, but my swat was ineffective.
Mr. Glass finished with my waistcoat and moved on to the line of buttons down my dress.
They proved more difficult to undo quickly and he gave up being delicate with a grunt and a tug.
Buttons flew off in all directions, raining on the pavement beside me.
"My apologies, Miss Steele, but if you don't breathe, you'll faint.
Or die."
He must have removed his gloves at some point because his bare fingers skimmed the swell of my breasts above my corset.
My chest tightened further.
Little veins of heat spread across my skin, centering on the place where his fingers lingered.
I coughed, and he set to work untying the corset laces at my back.
Delicious air rushed into my body, expanding my chest like a balloon.
I sucked in breath after breath until slowly the blackness retreated and the dizziness dispersed, leaving me very aware of the man crouching before methe smooth skin of his cheeks, the warmth of his breath, the flecks of gold in eyes, which continued to watch me with earnestness and something else I couldn't quite read.
His thumb stroked my skin, close to my breast.
Part of me wanted his hand to explore, to have it touch me everywhere, to feel his arms around me.
The thought of our heartbeats meshing together sent mine racing all over again, but not from lack of breath this time.
Those thoughts were sheer madness.
Clearly I was affected from all that vigorous exercise.
"Thank you, Mr.
Glass."
A whisper was all I could manage.
He blinked rapidly, then removed his hands.
Cool air rushed in to replace his warmth, but I could still feel the impression his hands had made on my skin.
"Are you well enough to continue?"
"I won't faint, although I need to fix my attire."
I quickly reached back and re-tied my laces.
"Of course."
He collected the buttons and my reticule, which I must have dropped at some point.
"I do apologize for" He cleared his throat.
"For everything."
"It's quite all right, but if I hear you mention this to anyone, I'll not only deny it, I will castrate you in the night while you sleep."
He laughed softly.
"There's no need to go to such extremes.
I would have given my word."
I wasn't sure if the word of an outlaw was worth very much, but kept the quip to myself.
He'd saved me, after all.
He tipped my buttons into my reticule as I arranged my jacket over my undone dress as best as I could.
I looked up to see him patting his pocket.
When he saw me looking, he stopped and gathered up his gloves and the butcher's knife.
He held out his hand to me and we stood together.
He quickly turned his head away and touched his fingers to his temples, but not before I saw how pale he'd gone.
"Are you all right, Mr.
Glass?"
I asked.
"Did you overdo it too?"
"I'm fine.
Don't fuss."
"I hardly call a little inquiry into your health fussing, particularly when you look peaky."
He huffed loudly.
"I'm fine.
Let's go.
We should move quickly."
He handed me the reticule and tucked the knife into the waistband of his trousers.
"But there's no need to run.
I think we're closer to my house than we are to Cyclops and Marble Arch, so we'll head there."
"Do you know where Park Street is from here?"
I asked.
"I do."
"You've been down these streets before?"
Since we were still among mews, stables and the businesses that serviced horses and carriages, I was doubtful.
Not too many gentlemen would bother to come back here.
"My sense of direction is excellent.
We need to go this way."
Since I didn't know Mayfair too well, I let him lead the way.
He was still pale, except for the dark circles that had appeared beneath his eyes.
He'd seemed well enough only a short time ago, so I didn't think our encounter with the butcher caused it.
Rather, he looked as if he hadn't slept properly in days.
"Did you scare those fellows away after you took the butcher's knife?"
I asked, looking behind us.
There were no sounds of anyone following.
After a few steps, he said, "They were in no condition to follow us."
I gasped.
"You hurt them?"
He looked at me sideways.
"Does it matter?"
"II don't know.
They were just law-abiding innocent men, trying to stop someone they thought was a thief."
And there were three of them and only one of him.
_How_ had he beaten  them?
"They were vigilantes," he said.
"Their kind of justice is never innocent and is rarely law-abiding."
"Perhaps in your country."
He walked on apace and I thought the conversation ended, when he said, "They would have had their sport with you, Miss Steele, before they handed you over to the authorities."
"How do you know that?"
But even as I said it, I knew he was right.
I'd seen it in the eyes of the man who'd approached me.
I shivered and folded my arms over my chest.
"Thank you, again, for helping me escape."
"There's no need to thank me."
"There is.
I'm also sorry you got involved."
"If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have been there in the first place.
It's as much my fault."
His logic was a little broken since he couldn't have known the reception I'd get.
"I still don't understand why Mr. Abercrombie would do such a thing.
Why accuse me of stealing?"
"That's what I'd like to know," he muttered so quietly that I almost didn't hear.
"I haven't seen him in years and the whole guild saga resolved itself in his favor.
I ought to be the angry one, not him."
"You'll have to explain this guild system to me at home.
It's not the first time you've mentioned it."
We entered Park Street and checked up and down the street before advancing.
"Thank goodness you're not known here," I said.
"Or the police would be knocking on your door by now."
I was safe while I resided with Mr. Glass and kept away from Oxford Street, but once our business was concluded, I would need to be careful.
While the Masons wouldn't believe Abercrombie if he told them I stole, I didn't want to involve them if I could help it.
"I hope Mr. Abercrombie doesn't get it into his head to search for me and continue with the ridiculous accusation of theft."
"I'll take care of Abercrombie," Mr. Glass said.
"Take care of him how?"
"Leave it to me."
Did he mean to harm Abercrombie?
Or threaten him, Wild West style?
I didn't get a chance to ask again.
We'd reached number sixteen, a red and cream brick townhouse that stretched up to the gray sky.
I peered over the black iron fence running alongside the steps down to the service entrance.
The blinds were down and no light rimmed them.
It mustn't be the charwoman's day.
Mr. Glass's knock on the main door was answered by a footman or butler.
I couldn't tell which because only his head appeared around the door, as if he were hiding the rest of himself.
"It's only you," the man said, opening the door wider.
"Just as well.
I ain't dressed proper yet."
"Why not?"
Mr. Glass said.
"It's almost midday.
What if we'd had callers?"
"We ain't."
"But we might have."
He stepped aside to allow me to pass.
The man, who wore trousers, a shirt and waistcoat only, straightened to his full height.
He was only a little taller than me, with a blocky build, square face, and a crooked nose.
His two small eyes sparkled like sapphires as they scanned me from head to toe.
I felt very conspicuous with my unbuttoned dress beneath my waistcoat.
"Is that her?"
he asked in an accent similar to Cyclops's.
"This is Miss Steele, yes.
Miss Steele, this is Duke, my butler.
Or footman."
"Both?"
I said, smiling.
"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Duke.
Is that a first name, last or title?"
"It's just Duke."
He grunted.
"Why'd you bring her back here?"
Mr. Glass pushed past him.
"Butlers and footmen don't ask questions."
Duke gave another grunt and eyed me from beneath a ponderous brow.
"Miss Steele will be staying here until her work with me is complete."
"But"
"It's not up for discussion."
Mr. Glass rounded on him.
"Is that understood?
Not a word."
Duke's lips pressed together, but only for a second.
"You look dog tired, M sir."
He glanced at me again, focusing on my chest.
I hadn't laced myself tightly and my gown was still undone beneath my waistcoat.
He must know.
"You were supposed to inquire about the watchmaker, not frolic with the lady who's supposed to be helping you."
"Duke!"
Mr. Glass snapped.
"I said frolic, not fu"
"DUKE!"
Duke chuckled.
I did my best to look shocked, but it was difficult to keep a straight face.
Mr. Glass looked terribly embarrassed, and I'd never witnessed a servant speak so insolently to his master.
I didn't think his behavior could be put down to being American.
The more servants of Mr. Glass's I met, the more convinced I was that he wasn't truly their employer, but merely acting a role.
Perhaps he was their gang leader.
That thought wiped the smile off my face.
I swallowed heavily and folded my arms over my chest again.
I was beginning to have serious doubts about staying in the house.
It had been one thing to sleep under the same roof as Mr. Glass, knowing that Cyclops probably slept in the stables, but quite another knowing this ruffian wouldn't be far away from my bedroom either.
"You've offended Miss Steele," Mr. Glass said to Duke.
"Apologize."
When Duke hesitated, Mr. Glass whipped out the butcher's knife.
I swallowed my scream and covered my mouth with my hands.
Duke merely grunted again.
"Apologies, miss.
It was just a joke."
Mr. Glass tossed the knife to his man.
Duke caught it easily by the handle.
"That might come in handy in the kitchen," Mr. Glass said.
Duke inspected the blade.
"There's blood on it."
"Not mine nor Miss Steele's."
"Only you would go out to make simple inquiries and come back with a knife as big as my forearm."
He studied Mr. Glass's face closely, then glanced at the long case clock.
"You look tired and it ain't quite time to."
"Time to what?"
I asked.
"Nothing," they both said.
"Go and fetch Cyclops," Mr. Glass directed his man.
"He's waiting for us at Marble Arch."
Duke looked like he would protest, but thought better of it.
He plucked a hat off the hat stand then moved past us to the front door.
"When you get back, prepare a room for Miss Steele," Mr. Glass said.
"And be sure to dress properly from now on.
We have a guest."
"Aye, aye, sir."
Duke saluted.
"Will there be anything else?
Tea, cake, and a watchmaker to go with 'em?"
"Lunch, and stop being an ass.
Where's Willie?"
Willie?
There were more ruffian servants?
God, help me.
"Out," Duke said.
"Don't know where."
He nodded at the clock.
"You better gorest.
I'll see to Cyclops and the room."
It was the most sincere he'd sounded since we walked in, like he was genuinely concerned about Mr. Glass getting rest.
He must be ill, or exertion wouldn't have done this to him.
He looked even paler now and the shadows under his eyes stood out in bas-relief.
Creases had appeared across his forehead and around his mouth where before there'd been none.
"You do look very poorly," I said to him as Duke left.
"Please, go and rest.
I'll wait in the, er" I glanced at the door leading off from the entrance hall.
"Drawing room."
He gave me a grim smile and indicated the room.
"I'll be with you in a few minutes.
Make yourself at home, since it will be, for the near future."
I made my way to the drawing room but stopped inside the door.
He headed up the stairs, his gait laborious, his head bowed.
Once he was out of sight, I followed quietly, looking out for other servants.
Mr. Glass stopped at the top of the landing.
He seemed out of breath, as if that brief climb had exhausted him.
Yet he'd hardly looked like he'd raised a sweat immediately after attacking three thugs.
What sort of illness had a delayed onset?
It was all very odd, but it was none of my affair and had nothing to do with my reason for following him.
I wanted to find out where his private rooms were located so that I could return another time and look through them for evidence of his occupation in America and his reason for coming to England.
There was no better time.
He was too ill to notice me and the servants were gone.
I peeked around the corner on the third level and had to dart back quickly.
He'd stopped near the end, with his hand pressed against a door and his head lowered.
The three flights of stairs had done him in.
When I looked again, I expected to see him gone, having entered, but he was sitting on the floor, his legs stretched out before him, his back to the wall.
He held a glowing object in the palm of his hand and a chain dangled from his fingers.
It was like he held a small sun and its rays infused his hand with purple light.
The light spread along the veins and up into his sleeve, as I'd seen it do in the carriage the day before.
I continued to watch, both fascinated and terrified by the strange phenomenon.
Mr. Glass seemed to know what he was doing.
He showed no fear.
Indeed, he seemed to bask in the object's rays and grow more healthy by the second.
Suddenly his chest expanded as he took a huge gasp of air, and the color in his face returned.
It no longer looked bloodless, but full of life as the bright glow crept out of his collar and up his neck, to his chin, cheeks and finally his forehead.
His face and handsperhaps his entire bodywas a map of fiery, glowing veins.
With another deep breath, he snapped the lid of the object closed, extinguishing the light.
He held it up by its chain then tucked it into his inside pocket.
Even from a distance, I could see it was an ordinary silver watch.
No; not ordinary.
It might look like a simple watch, but there was nothing ordinary about that glow.
Mr. Glass stood and disappeared into the room.
He hadn't seen me, thank goodness.
I wasn't ready to face him over this secret.
For it had to be a secret, or why not tell me about it in the first place, since it was most likely also linked to the watchmaker he wanted help finding.
"Who're you?"
The harsh female voice coming from behind me made me jump.
My heart almost burst out of my chest.
I went to turn to face her, but she grabbed both my elbows and jerked me back against her body.
She smelled like tobacco and lilacs, an odd combination to say the least.
"And why are you spying?"
* Chapter 5 Chapter 5{{{1 # Chapter 5
"Let me go."
I struggled against her but she was damnably strong for a woman.
"I've had quite enough of being restrained today."
I went to smash my heel down on her toes, but she predicted my move and jumped back without letting me go.
"I said, who are you and why are you spying?"
The deep, almost masculine voice, coupled with the smell of tobacco, made me wonder if she was in fact a he after all.
"My name is India Steele and I'm not spying.
I'm a guest of Mr. Glass's and I'm looking for the privy."
Her grip loosened enough for me to wriggle free.
I turned on her, unsure whether a smile or admonishment was in order.
In the end, I couldn't control my wide-eyed stare.
She was definitely a woman.
Her figure was as curved as mine and certainly couldn't be mistaken for a masculine one.
Yet she wore loose men's trousers and a man's leather waistcoat over a plain white shirt.
Her black hair had been arranged in a relaxed style on top of her head, as if she'd slept with it like that.
Even dressed in masculine attire, she had a pretty oval face, despite the scowl and pursed lips.
"The privy's that way."
She jerked her head in the opposite direction to Mr. Glass's room.
"Thank you."
I tried to edge past her, but she caught my arm.
I shook myself free and matched her scowl with one of my own.
"I really have had enough of being waylaid today, thank you.
Kindly allow me to pass."
She merely folded her arms and widened her stance.
"I'm not sure I should until I've spoken to Matt."
"Matt?"
"Matthew.
Mr.
Glass."
So she was on a first name basis with him too.
I supposed I should have suspected.
I decided to change tactics and thrust out my hand.
"Since there's no one about to make introductions, shall we just introduce ourselves?"
I smiled.
Her scowl deepened.
"My name is India Steele."
"So you said."
"And you are?"
"Not trusting you."
I withdrew my hand.
"May I ask why?"
Her scowl disappeared.
She cleared her throat and looked somewhat less sure of herself.
"You talk like a proper English lady, but you don't dress like one."
I didn't tell her that _she_ talked like a woman and dressed like a man.
Until I knew how she would accept such quips, it was best to keep them to myself.
Particularly since I was in something of a precarious situation while living in the house of a man I didn't  trust.
"What do you mean?"
I asked.
"You're loose in the general area of your pups."
"Pups?"
She indicated my chest.
"Oh."
My face heated and once again I found myself folding my arms over my breasts.
"That's why I need the privy.
I'm in need of a sewing kit and a private room."
She considered this by twisting her mouth to the side.
Hands on hips, she turned and walked off.
A few paces away, she stopped and looked over her shoulder at me.
"Come on, then."
I followed her.
"Thank you, Miss"
"Willie Johnson.
Call me Willie, not Miss Anything.
Got it?"
"Er, yes, you stated your wishes very clearly."
She stopped and rounded on me, her face only an inch from mine.
"Are you having a joke at my expense?"
I tried not to splutter at the stench of tobacco on her breath.
"Not at all."
I hoped she believed me.
She may be a woman, but I didn't feel any safer with her than with Mr. Glass's other servants.
She seemed fiercer than Duke.
"Tell me, Miss Tell me, Willie, are you the housekeeper here?
Or the cook perhaps?"
She blinked at me then burst into raucous laughter that had me stepping back to avoid her breath.
"Me, cook?
Not likely.
They'd rather starve than eat my cooking.
As to cleaning, no thanks."
She snorted then wiped her nose with the back of her hand.
I was beginning to wonder if she'd been raised by wild bears.
"There you go."
She jerked her head at a nearby door.
I opened it but didn't go in.
"That's not the privy."
"It's my room.
Or one of them.
Matt gave me the lady's suite, as he called it, even though I said I didn't need this much space."
She indicated I should go in ahead of her.
"My needle and thread are in there, but I've thought of something better."
I went in ahead of her.
The room was a large sitting room with chaise longue positioned beneath a window, a table, two armchairs by the fireplace, tea table on wheels, a writing desk and empty glass display cabinet.
The sage green and cream striped wallpaper matched that of the sofa, and it all matched the tiny green flowers on the curtains and cushions.
It was far too feminine for the woman standing beside me.
Perhaps that was why it looked like it wasn't used.
It smelled like it too, all stale and close.
No tobacco, though.
Willie closed the door.
"Come with me to my bedroom and undress."
She indicated an adjoining door.
"Go on, don't get all prim and missish now."
I followed her to the bedroom door, but didn't go in.
This room didn't smell unused.
Indeed, the scent of lilacs was quite strong here.
"I'm not being prim, I'm simply wondering what you have in store for me."
Willie rummaged through a large trunk at the end of her bed and pulled out a brown cotton dress with a lace cream falling collar.
She shook it out and held it up for me.
"It's real ugly, but it'll fit you."
We were of a size, true, and while the dress wasn't overly pretty, it wasn't ugly either.
It had no embellishments whatsoever except for the large collar.
It was certainly in a better state than my button-less gown.
I would guess it had never been worn.
"You're loaning it to me?"
I asked her.
"Keep it.
I don't wear dresses, corsets and ladies' things.
A girl can't run in them, or holster a gun on her hip."
"True, but they're excellent if you want to trip someone over."
She gave me a blank look.
"Your feet can't be seen beneath these skirts."
I gave her a demonstration.
"I'd rather run or fight."
I sighed.
"Sometimes, so would I."
I took the gown and she left me alone to change out of my dress and into hers.
It fitted well, although was a little short.
My ankles were visible.
My mother would have made me change out of it if she'd been there, but she was long dead.
Besides, beggars couldn't be choosers.
I was checking over my gown to see if any damage had been done to the fabric when Willie walked back in without knocking first.
"Christ, it's just a dress.
What's taking so long?"
"I'm finished."
Willie scanned me head to toe.
"It's still an ugly dress, but it looks better on you than me."
"Er, thank you.
I think."
"Leave your outfit in my sitting room and collect it later.
I suppose I should be offering you refreshments seeing as you're a guest and all."
"Thank you!
A cup of tea would be lovely."
I was parched after my exertions, and now that I once more felt suitably attired, I was ready to face the household over a cup of tea.
I only hoped Mr. Glass didn't rest for long.
I liked his company, and felt more at ease in his presence.
His servantsor whatever they weremade my nerves jump.
Willie led the way back down to the drawing room then disappeared after ordering me to "Wait here."
She managed to infuse the words with steel, so that I didn't dare move.
She clearly didn't trust me.
And I didn't trust her.
Or any of them.
But I would bide my time, for now, and continue investigating later.
It wouldn't be wise to get caught outside the drawing room again.
I strolled around the room, which was as pretty as Willie's rooms, although done in blue and gold colors.
It too had a stale smell to it, however, that had me wanting to open the windows.
After a few minutes of idly inspecting the knick knacks up close, I couldn't stand it any longer.
I unlatched one of the window sashes and opened it.
I breathed deeply and watched the glossy black coaches rumble past with distinguished looking gentlemen inside.
Elegant ladies dressed in fine gowns walked with parasols in hand to protect themselves from the spring sunshine, and nannies pushed perambulators along the pavement.
Nobody hurried.
No shopkeepers shouted about how wonderful their wares were, and delivery carts didn't jostle one another for space.
It was quite lovely here in Mayfair.
A coach pulled up out the front of number sixteen and Duke hopped down off the coachman's seat where he'd been sitting next to Cyclops.
Cyclops spotted me and waved, but Duke, following his gaze, frowned.
"What'd you open the window for?"
he called out.
"Fresh air," I called back.
"You call this air fresh?"
He looked skyward and screwed up his nose.
"You English are mad."
I heard the front door open before he'd even reached it.
I leaned out the window to see who'd opened it for Duke, but couldn't quite see.
"Better?"
Duke asked.
"Stop fussing," came Mr. Glass's response.
"And keep quiet around Miss Steele."
I couldn't hear if Duke warned him that I was standing at the open window or not.
The door closed and a moment later, they both strolled into the drawing room.
Mr. Glass looked much refreshed.
His eyes were bright and his skin had returned to its normal color, not pale or lit up by veins of purple light.
He smiled at me.
I smiled back, wondering if Duke was supposed to be quiet about the strange watch or something else.
"I see you've changed, Miss Steele," Mr. Glass said.
"You must have met my cousin."
I felt the heat in my cheeks rise again at his reference to my attire, even though he didn't mention the reason behind the need to change.
Yet I was glad, too, that he'd acknowledged my change of clothing without dwelling on the matter.
Indeed, he'd managed to seamlessly change the subject.
It was a smooth transition, and I wondered if it had been designed that way to alleviate my embarrassment over our earlier encounter.
" _Willie_ is your cousin? "
I asked.
"On my mother's side."
"She didn't tell me that.
Indeed, she didn't tell me much at all.
I thought she was a servant."
Mr. Glass looked pained.
"Did she threaten you?"
"In a way.
But then she gave me this dress so I suspect everything is fine between us now."
"Wouldn't wager the ranch on that, Miss Steele," Duke said.
"She hates dresses.
Way she'd see it, you're doing her a favor."
"Then perhaps we can be friends since friends do one another favors."
Duke burst out laughing.
"She ain't never had a friend.
All the girls are scared of her back home, and most of the men, too."
Mr. Glass nodded.
"It's true.
She terrifies even me when she flies into a temper.
But don't worry, she's rarely home.
It's unlikely you'll see much of her while you're staying with us."
"Speak of the devil," said Duke, as Willie walked in carrying a tray laden with teapot, cups and slices of cake.
"And look at that!
She's gone all womanly on us, too, and made tea.
Must be the influence of having a real lady in the house."
"You're lucky I'm holding this tray, Duke, or I'd clock you for that."
Willie set the tray down with a loud clunk that rattled the delicate china.
Duke chuckled.
"I got a room to make up and lunch to prepare.
Come and help me, Willie."
"Do it yourself.
I ain't the maid."
"Do _I_ look like _I'm_ wearing an  apron?"
"Duke," Mr. Glass snapped.
"Enough.
Williedo whatever you want.
As usual."
Duke left, chuckling, and Willie served the tea.
The small smile on her lips suddenly faded and she straightened, even though she hadn't finished filling the second cup.
Tea spilled onto the saucer from the spout.
"What does he mean, prepare a room?"
she asked.
"Miss Steele is without lodgings at present," Mr. Glass said.
"I offered her a room here until our business is concluded and we leave London."
She glared at him then turned that glare onto me.
"Did you force him into this?"
"No!"
I protested, eyeing the teapot.
Her white knuckled grip on the handle looked ominous.
It wouldn't surprise me if she used it as a weapon.
"You're a dang fool, Matt."
She thrust the teapot in his direction, causing the tea to slosh around inside.
"A chit bats her eyelashes and flashes her puppies and you're falling over yourself to help her."
Mr. Glass's nostrils flared.
"Don't," he growled.
"Well, it's true."
Willie sniffed, but some of the wind had been knocked out of her sails.
"Even more true when she's all helpless, like Missy here."
"Excuse me," I said, rising.
I wasn't tall, but I was taller than Willie.
Unfortunately, my superior height didn't concern her.
She watched me with an air of amusement, as if she thought my attempt at intimidation was laughable.
"First of all, I am not helpless.
While I may be without steady employment or accommodation, I can assure you that it's only temporary.
Secondly, I didn't _flash_ anything at Mr. Glass.
And batting eyelashes is ridiculous.
No self- respecting woman would do  it."
Willie smirked.
"Seems we agree on something."
"I'll finish pouring the tea," Mr. Glass said.
"You may go."
Willie folded her arms and sat heavily on the sofa.
She sprawled on it with her legs apart, as if she were trying to take up as much space as possible.
Considering I'd been sitting on it, I suspected her aim was to force me to move.
I squashed myself into the corner, my skirts brushing her knee as I did so.
"I'm staying here," she announced.
"You might need saving from her."
"Willie," he growled.
"Get out or I'll cut your allowance in half."
She sat forward, hands on her knees, then pushed herself up.
"No need to be so mean.
I'm only looking out for you, like you done for me so many times."
He sighed and dragged his hand through his hair.
It was the most harried I'd seen him all day, and considering what a day it had been, that was quite surprising.
"I know, Willie.
But right now, I need to speak with Miss Steele.
We've got work to do, and I'd rather not waste another minute."
Willie bit her lip then suddenly threw her arms around her cousin.
The sudden burst of emotion surprised him as much as me.
His brows rose and he took several seconds before he gingerly patted her shoulder as if she were a dangerous animal he wasn't sure how to pet.
"I'll be helping Duke if you need me," she said, pulling away from him.
"Try not to pick a fight with him."
"I will if he will."
Mr. Glass sighed as she walked out of the drawing room.
"She's quite a little whirlwind," I said.
"More like a tornado."
But he smiled as he picked up the teapot and continued pouring.
"I am sorry for her behavior, Miss Steele.
Willie isdifficult."
"She's certainly a unique character."
"Her upbringing wasn't ideal for a young woman.
I didn't meet her until we were both fifteen, and by then, it was too late.
She was already set in her ways."
"She's been dressing like a man since before she was fifteen?"
While Willie's age was difficult to gauge, I gathered Mr. Glass to be in his late twenties when he was in good health.
Earlier, before he'd gone upstairs, he'd looked much older.
"She has, and acting like a man, too."
"Why?"
He handed me the teacup but didn't meet my gaze.
"She found it's easier to be a temperamental, foul-mouthed man than a temperamental, foul-mouthed woman."
I sipped my tea and set aside thoughts of Willie.
They were replaced with thoughts of my new employer and his remarkable recovery.
He couldn't have slept in the brief time we were apart, so his restored health must be due to the glowing watch.
"I'm glad to see you looking much better," I said.
"I didn't expect you to be up and about for some time.
You looked very ill earlier."
If he didn't tell me about the watch now then he must certainly want to keep it a secret.
"I keep a tonic in my room," he said, his gaze holding mine.
"A little swig and I'm cured."
He smiled easily.
If I hadn't seen the scene with the watch, I would have been completely taken in by his charming manner.
"I know it's not my affair," he continued, sitting down in an armchair opposite me, "but since I'm a sort of accomplice, I'd like to know what that business with Abercrombie was about.
You claimed not to know why he accused you of theft, but surely there must be a reason."
"I don't know.
Truly, I don't.
The whole episode was very strange and troubling.
Father never liked him, I do know that.
He called Abercrombie a pompous prig, full of self-importance.
Abercrombie's quite rich, you see, and wields a great deal of influence in the Watchmakers Guild as its master."
"What is this guild?"
"It's one of several craft guilds that have been in operation for centuries here in England.
The official title is the Worshipful Company of Watchmakers, but no one calls them that nowadays.
There's an Engineers Guild, a Tailors Guild, a Carpenters Guild, a Jewelers Guild and dozens of others.
Everyone who creates something and sells that creation must belong to a company.
It's the law.
No membership, no license to sell.
Don't you have them in America?"
"There are organizations in different states, but they're not as controlling.
Is the guild's only function to determine who can and can't sell their goods?"
"They also take care of the widows and families of deceased members with hardship funds, and issue awards for quality workmanship.
A member is only eligible for the award if he enters, of course, and there's a fee for entry, but the winners' names are published in all the major newspapers and journals.
The custom that generates can be enormous."
"Who decides on a winner?"
"The guild master and other members elected to the committee, which is known as the Court of Assistants.
It may not surprise you to learn that Mr. Abercrombie has won both the Best Watch and Best Clock award for the last three years."
"Did he cheat?"
"He probably bought votes or made threats."
"Is that why your father disliked him?"
"One of the reasons."
I swirled the tea slowly around my cup and tried to suppress the well of despair that always threatened to spill over whenever I thought about Father, the guild, and losing our shop to Eddie.
"When Father became ill, he encouraged me to apply for membership.
He knew that in order to keep the shop operating on my own, after his death, I would have to belong to the guild.
They refused my application."
"Did you have the necessary qualifications?"
"Of course.
I'd been Father's apprentice for years.
The entry test requires the applicant to disassemble a watch mechanism and put it back together again.
It's very simple, and I would have passed easily, but I wasn't given the opportunity.
They threw out my application without even considering it."
"Why?"
"Because I'm female."
He considered this with a frown.
"But I've seen female shopkeepers here who I'm sure make their own waresdressmakers, jewelers, milliners.
Don't they need to belong to their respective guilds too?"
"They do, but their companies allow women.
The Watchmakers' Guild doesn't."
"Why not?"
"You ought to ask them.
It's ridiculous.
I'm an excellent watchmaker, but they seem to think I would make an inferior product and devalue their reputation."
It still made my blood boil to think about it.
Their logic was flawed and archaic, but there was nothing I could do.
An overhaul of their bylaws could only be started if all members agreed to a vote.
"Ah.
I see, now," he said.
"See what?"
"Why your father left the shop to Hardacre.
He must have seen it as the only way to keep the shop for you, assuming you would soon marry him."
"Except that we didn't marry," I bit off.
"Eddie tricked Father, and me too."
I would never be tricked again by a two-faced, lying little turd.
"He must have been quite believable," he said quietly.
"He was, but it doesn't excuse my own blindness."
The truth was, I'd wanted to believe that Eddie loved me.
I was twenty-seven and had never known the affections of a man.
A year ago, I'd given up hope of marriage and embraced spinsterhood.
And then Eddie breezed into my life with his easy smiles, handsome face, and eagerness to please.
Nothing was too much trouble or too dull, from accompanying me to the market to watching me fix a clock in the workroom.
Yet he'd never laughed at the jokes I laughed at.
I should have taken that as a sign that he wasn't for me, at the very least.
A lifetime without laughter would have been sheer drudgery.
It was a testament to my desperation that I agreed to marry him, despite his lack of humor.
Mr. Glass set his teacup down and shifted in his chair.
The silence stretched uncomfortably, and I wished we hadn't raised the subject of Eddie at all.
I concentrated on sipping my tea until finally Mr. Glass spoke.
"Does the Watchmakers' Guild keep records of previous members?"
"I suppose so, but I'm not sure how helpful their register would be in finding your watchmaker when you don't know his name.
I think we can be quite sure it isn't Chronos."
"Agreed."
He sighed.
"Shall we discuss the route we'll take this afternoon?"
He pulled a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and moved his teacup aside to make space on the table.
The paper turned out to be a map of London.
"Are you sure you're up to going out again this afternoon?"
I asked.
His shoulders tensed.
"Of course.
There's nothing wrong with me."
"But"
"The map, Miss Steele.
Please point out where you think we should go next."
I sighed and studied the map.
"We'll try the area south of Hyde Park and over to Westminster," I said, drawing a circle with my finger around the area.
"That should be enough for today."
"Out of the way of Oxford Street," he said with a nod of agreement.
"Yes," I said quietly.
"Well away."
"We'll stop by the Masons' and retrieve your belongings while we're out."
"And mention the trouble Mr. Abercrombie is trying to stir up.
I couldn't bear it if they heard the rumors from another source first, or if Mr. Abercrombie approached them looking for me."
"He won't pursue the matter."
He folded the map and returned it to his pocket.
"You can't be sure of that."
He gave me a crooked smile that was full of mischief and mystery.
"Yes, I can."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
The afternoon's visits brought us no closer to finding Mr. Glass's watchmaker.
Fortunately, I was neither attacked nor snubbed, although that could have been because I remained in the carriage most of the time.
I only got out at Mr. Healy's shop, to stretch my legs and see how he fared.
He'd been a good friend to Father and kind to me on the day of the funeral.
I wanted him to know that I was well.
I was relieved when he greeted me with a smile.
We stopped at the Masons' home in the late afternoon, and Mrs. Mason welcomed us with a cup of tea and slices of walnut cake.
"Gareth, take this to your Papa and brother in the shop," she said, handing her son a tray laden with teapot and cake.
Gareth disappeared and a few minutes later, Mr. Mason returned alone, carrying his teacup.
He greeted us with strained smiles and shook Mr. Glass's hand.
"Any success?"
he asked.
"Not yet," Mr. Glass said.
I was glad to see that he wasn't overset with tiredness this afternoon.
He looked quite well.
"But Miss Steele assures me we've only scratched the surface.
I had no idea London was so large."
"It's Europe's grandest city," Mr. Mason said with a puff of his chest.
"Aside from Paris," Catherine said dreamily.
"I do so wish to see Paris one day, don't you, India?"
"I've never thought about it before," I said.
"I suppose so, but I doubt I'll ever leave London.
I only speak English, for one thing, nor do I know anyone outside this city."
Catherine huffed out a small breath.
"You're so conventional all the time."
I blinked at her.
By conventional, I suspected she meant dull.
Was that how she saw me?
As a prim spinster with no dreams, no ambitions or hopes?
Was that how _everyone_ saw  me?
"Paris is indeed a beautiful city."
Mr. Glass's rich, deep voice broke into my self-centered thoughts.
"You've been there?"
Catherine leaned forward, her teacup pausing on its way to her lips.
"I lived there, many years ago."
"How thrilling."
"That's enough, Catherine," Mr. Mason chided.
"Mr. Glass has more important things to discuss than your flights of fancy.
Paris is not for the likes of you."
Catherine slouched back against her chair with a pout.
I gave her a sympathetic smile, but she looked away.
The conversation stalled, so I decided to get to the point of our visit.
"Mr. Glass has offered me lodgings in his house," I told the Masons.
"I've come to collect my things."
Catherine's jaw dropped but she quickly recovered.
"Marvelous!
Come upstairs and we'll fetch them together."
Mrs. Mason _tsk tsk_ ed.
"I'm sure the arrangement is all very respectable," she said, "but I feel I must protest.
What will people think?"
"India knows what she's doing," Mr. Mason said quickly.
"Don't fret, my dear."
His wife glared at him.
He sipped his tea.
"They won't think anything, because nobody I know will find out," I said hotly.
"Even if they do, does it matter?
My future is already ruined.
Eddie saw to that.
A little scandal won't taint me further."
Mrs. Mason _humph_ ed and bustled about, collecting teacups and plates, her cheeks pink.
No doubt she was contemplating all sorts of lurid scenarios involving Mr. Glass and myself.
They were probably similar to the ones I'd contemplated myself, particularly after the corset incident.
Sometimes my skin still felt as if it bore the impressions of his hands.
"I understand your concerns," Mr. Glass said.
"And I'm glad Miss Steele has good friends in you both.
But rest assured, my cousin, Miss Willemina Johnson, is staying with me and will act as chaperone.
She's a respectable, responsible woman of high moral character and will insure that Miss Steele is treated with courtesy at all times.
Miss Steele, would you say my description of Willie is accurate, based on your first impressions?"
They all looked to me.
Fortunately my cheeks no longer felt hot, but I had a devil of a time keeping a straight face.
Willie probably would have fallen over with laughter herself if she'd heard her cousin's description.
"She's all that and more," I assured the Masons.
"She's very sweet and kind."
Mr. Glass smiled at me.
Hopefully I was the only one who noticed the wicked gleam in his eyes.
"I intend to look for more permanent lodgings and employment in the coming days," I said.
"I don't want to burden your good selves any further."
"You're no burden, India," Catherine said, touching my knee.
"Not at all," Mrs. Mason said, after an awkward moment.
Her husband sipped his tea.
"That's settled then," Catherine said, standing.
"Come, India, let's get your things."
Up in her room, she helped me pack while I told her that the hem of my dress had come down so Willie had loaned me one of hers until I could repair it later.
She hardly seemed to be listening.
"He's so lovely," she eventually said, closing my valise and fixing the clasp in place.
"Mr. Glass?
I hadn't noticed."
"Tosh!
Of course you have.
And to think, you're going to stay with him in his house.
What an opportunity!"
"I know what you're referring to, Catherine, and I think you've gone mad.
I am not going to throw myself at Mr.
Glass."
"Perhaps he'll throw himself at you."
That had us both laughing until we collapsed on the bed, out of breath.
Once recovered, we headed back down to the parlor with my valise.
I touched Catherine's hand before we went in, wanting some sort of reassurance from a person I knew and trusted.
Despite our laughter, I was anxious about staying in Mr. Glass's house.
He and the other members of his household were nothing like us.
They were bold and brash, and they talked about holsters andpups.
They could be outlaws.
I could be walking into something too deep to dig myself out of.
Catherine squeezed my hand in sympathy, although she didn't know the real reason behind my anxiety.
She must think me nervous about the possibility of ravishment.
Catherine and her parents walked us to the door.
I hugged each of them in turn and promised to see them again soon.
All except Mr. Mason hugged me enthusiastically.
"One other thing," I said before we left.
"Has Mr. Abercrombie been here asking after me?"
"Miss Steele, there's no need," Mr. Glass said with a hard glare and shake of his head.
"It'll be taken care of by the morning."
"Abercrombie?"
Mr. Mason said.
"No.
Why?"
"It's of no consequence," Mr. Glass cut in.
"Actually, it is," I said.
"He tried to have me arrested for theft."
"Good lord!"
Mrs. Mason pressed her apron hem to her chin.
"That's awful."
I briefly explained the event and assured them I hadn't stolen anything from him.
"I just wanted you to know from me before you heard it from someone else."
Although Mr. Glass had assured me everything would be taken care of, I couldn't see how.
I needed to protect myself, and that meant involving the Masons.
"Of course, of course."
Mr. Mason nodded excessively, which only set his jowls off like a bowl of jelly.
He looked quite worried, and that had me worried.
"If Abercrombie does come here looking for you, we won't tell him where you've gone," his wife said.
I smiled at her and tried to catch her husband's eye but he wasn't looking at me.
"Thank you."
Mr. Glass stored my valise at the back of the coach while I climbed inside.
He climbed in after me and the coach lurched forward.
"It wasn't necessary to mention the incident with Abercrombie," he said.
"I _will_ see that he doesn't trouble you  again."
"I don't see how you can do that.
Perhaps if you shared how you would see to it, I might have more faith."
He plucked off his gloves, finger by finger.
"I have some influence in this city."
"But you've never been here before!"
"That's irrelevant."
I clicked my tongue.
It was easier to get answers from statues.
"Forgive my doubt, Mr. Glass, but I find it difficult to trust someone who doesn't give satisfactory explanations."
His brow crinkled.
His gaze locked with mine.
"I hope that's not true, Miss Steele."
His low, deep voice rumbled from his chest.
"I don't want you to feel unsafe in my home."
"Oh."
I waved off his concern.
"That's another matter entirely."
"I know Willie, Duke and Cyclops aredifferent to you English folk, but you have my word that they won't harm you."
"I'm glad to hear it."
"Unless you cross them."
I went very still.
Did he know that I suspected him?
Was he warning me not to act on my suspicions?
He smiled, and I didn't detect any falseness in it; not that I was an expert at reading people.
Look at how I'd been taken in by Eddie.
We arrived back at Mr. Glasss Mayfair home and I was glad to see that my room was ready.
It was spacious and decorated in wallpaper of pink climbing roses with matching cushions on the bed.
It commanded a pretty view over the street, way down below.
I'd never been up so high, and looking out the window made me feel uneasy.
I stepped back but kept it open for the air.
The room, like many of the others, smelled stale.
It would seem the house had been shut up for a long time before Mr. Glass's arrival.
Someone had laid my dress on the bed so I emptied my reticule of the buttons.
I found my sewing kit in my valise, but quickly ran out of thread.
With a deep breath to fortify my nerves, I left the room to go in search of Willie.
I hoped she wouldn't accuse me of spying again if she came across me outside my room.
I headed down a flight of stairs to her suite, but no one answered my knock.
She was probably in the kitchen, preparing the evening meal, or helping Duke.
I gazed up the corridor toward Mr. Glass's door, but decided against knocking.
He might be resting.
I made my way down the winding staircase to the ground floor and peeked into rooms.
All empty.
The kitchen was below ground level, and I finally found the door leading to the service stairs hidden in a wall near the back of the house.
Voices filtered up to me, first Willie's then Mr. Glass's.
I paused on the last step upon hearing Willie's stinging words.
"I don't like her," she said.
"She's a hoity toity miss who thinks she's better than all of us."
"You're being childish," Mr. Glass chided.
"Miss Steele isn't like that at all."
Willie snorted.
"Why'd you bring her _here,_ anyway?
You could have paid for lodgings somewhere else.
She didn't have to come under _our_ roof."
"I agree with Willie," said Duke.
"Letting the Steele woman live here is dangerous.
She might see something she shouldn't."
"Or Matt might do something _he_ shouldn't, " said Cyclops with a deep chuckle.
"Shut your trap, Cyclops," Willie snapped.
"Matt ain't interested in the likes of her.
What's she got to offer him that other ladies don't?"
Cyclops's low chuckle filtered out to me.
I wished I could see the others' reactions, particularly Mr. Glass's.
"I wanted her here for a reason," Mr. Glass said.
"Not that reason," he added quickly.
"There's something about her.
I can feel it.
Or, rather, the device can."
"The device can?"
Duke echoed.
"When she's nearby, the watch becomes warmer.
I can feel it through my shirt."
"That's ridiculous," Willie said.
"It can't do that."
"How would you know?"
Duke sneered.
"But Mattis that all?
Does it glow or something?"
"No, but I'm convinced she's more than a simple watchmaker's daughter.
She _must_ be, or why would all the other watchmakers in the city be afraid of her?"
Afraid of me?
That was overstating it a little.
They did seem unnaturally wary of me, however, for reasons I couldn't fathom.
Even Mr. Mason.
The only one who treated me as he'd always done was Mr. Healy.
"She's staying here," Mr. Glass announced, "because she's of use to me.
So be nice.
_All_ of you,  Willie."
Was that why he was being gentlemanly to me?
Was that why he'd saved me from Mr. Abercrombie's clutches?
Because he suspected I was useful to him?
While I'd never expected to become friends with him, I had thought we shared an amiable connection.
Now, I wasn't sure what I felt or whether I could trust his pleasant manner.
It sounded like it was all an act to lull me into trusting him.
But to what end, I didn't know.
I had nothing worth stealing and there was certainly nothing special about me, no matter what he thought.
Nothing special at all.
* Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 # Chapter 6
Dinner was an unusual affair.
Duke had prepared sole, followed by roasted pork, potatoes, salads, and finishing with jelly.
The unusual part was that he and Cyclops dined with Mr. Glass, Willie and myself in the dining room instead of the servants' quarters.
"This is delicious, Duke," I said, casting him a smile.
His cheeks flushed and he concentrated on his plate of food.
"Thanks," he mumbled.
"Should be," Willie said, stabbing a slice of pork with her fork.
"He spent all afternoon on it to impress you."
Duke rolled his eyes.
"It takes all afternoon to prepare something like this.
Not that you would know.
You burn everything."
"Where did you learn?"
I asked quickly before the conversation descended into an argument between them.
"Here and there."
He stuffed his mouth full of potato.
I gathered that meant he didn't want to answer any more questions about his cooking.
"Cyclops, did you collect our tickets?"
Mr. Glass asked his coachman.
"Aye, after I brought you back here, I went to the booking office," Cyclops said.
"Finally!"
Willie licked pork grease off her lower lip.
"I was beginning to think we were going to stay in this miserable country forever.
When are we going home?"
"Next Tuesday."
Cyclops's one clear eye focused on Mr. Glass.
"As long as all goes well and we find him."
"We will," Mr. Glass said, cheerfully.
"Won't we, Miss Steele?"
"I, er, hope so," I said.
Unless the watchmaker was dead, or living elsewhere.
The more I thought about all the reasons why he wouldn't be in London, the more doubtful of success I became.
He could be anywhere in the world.
"But what happens if we don't find him in a week?
Will you still return to America?"
The resulting silence was so complete that even chewing ceased.
Duke, Willie and Cyclops all glanced at Mr. Glass.
Mr. Glass studied his wine but did not drink.
"You'll find him, Miss Steele."
Willie pointed her knife at me.
"Or else."
"Willie," Mr. Glass said with effort.
"If we fail to find the watchmaker, it won't be Miss Steele's fault."
Willie sniffed then gulped down the contents of her wineglass.
"Just find him," she growled, setting the glass down hard.
"You can't afford not to."
Again, nobody spoke, and again Mr. Glass pretended not to notice everyone staring at him.
Cyclops looked worried, Willie seemed angry, but Duke's reaction interested me most.
His eyes moistened.
When he saw me watching, he quickly lowered his head, and shoveled another potato into his mouth.
"Goodness me," I said, brightly.
"You all seem rather distressed by the thought of not finding the watchmaker."
I hoped I wasn't stirring a bees nest, but I would seem more suspicious to them if I _didn't_ say something at this juncture.
"Your watch must be very special indeed if only one man in the world can fix it, and the thought of not finding him elicits such concern."
"It is," Mr. Glass said with a flat smile.
"Now, Miss Steele, please tell us about yourself."
His sudden change of topic didn't surprise me, but turning it on to me did.
"There's nothing to tell.
I'm quite dull."
"I find that hard to believe.
The watch and clock business here in London seems lively.
Everyone seems to know everyone else.
Is that how your parents met?
Was your mother from a watchmaking family?"
Ah, now I understood.
He was fishing for information about my other grandfather, in the hope he might be the watchmaker he sought.
It would seem I was only of interest to Mr. Glass in relation to his glowing watch.
It stung a little to realize that, but I shouldn't have been surprised.
My life _was_ dull, and so was I, by extension.
"My mother's father was a confectioner.
He had a shop near where my father lived growing up.
Father bought sweets every day just so he could speak to her."
Mr. Glass smiled and opened his mouth to say something, but Willie got in first.
"Delightful," she said in a dreadful attempt at an English accent.
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going out."
She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, plucked the napkin off her lap, and stood.
"Is that wise, Willie?"
Mr. Glass asked darkly.
"Nope, but being wise is for virgins and dullards."
She tossed me a smile.
"It's also for the living."
I smiled back at her.
"And those who wish to remain so.
Enjoy your evening, Willie."
Instead of looking offended, Willie's grin broadened.
She squared up to face me.
"Care to join me, Miss Steele?
I could teach you how to win at poker."
"No," Mr. Glass snapped before I got a chance to speak.
"Miss Steele does not care to join you for poker.
Nor should you be out playing all night.
It's not safe, and it's not seemly.
Things are different here in England."
She snorted.
"That's true.
But one thing is the same, MattI am a free woman who can do as she pleases.
Goodnight, all.
Enjoy your evening of reading and polite conversation.
I'm off to win me some English money."
"If you're not back by dawn, I'm coming to fetch you," Mr. Glass called after her.
She gave him a rude hand gesture that I'd only ever seen youths give to constables behind their backs.
"Forgive me, Miss Steele," he said once Willie was out of earshot.
"I shouldn't have answered for you."
Yet it had seemed like a natural thing for him to do.
Perhaps he was used to giving orders and having them obeyed.
Except by Willie.
"I don't have to watch my cousin back home," he said.
"She plays poker with a group of regulars, most nights.
None would dare harm her."
"Why?"
His mouth worked, but no words came out.
Cyclops answered for him.
"They're scared of Matt."
I blanched.
I'd expected to hear that they were scared of Willie, not her rather charming cousin.
I tried to think of something to say, but in the end, I simply kept silent.
Mr. Glass laughed and waved off Cyclops's answer.
Cyclops scowled in return.
"I'm worried Willie's smart mouth will get her into trouble," Mr. Glass told me.
"She seems like the sort who can get herself _out_ of trouble well enough, " I said.
"You should let her hear you say that.
She'd like you more for it."
He sighed and passed a hand over his eyes.
"The class of men she's playing against here are more cunning than the cowboys she's used to.
They act all charming and gentlemanly, but they're not.
They're devious."
I wondered if he was speaking from direct experience or observation only.
He hadn't been on our shores long, but he'd clearly come into contact with charming gentlemen who turned out to be devious.
The similarity to himself struck me like a blow.
He may not be English, but he was acting the part of a gentleman around me.
The more I got to know him, the more I suspected it was all a charade.
Few open, innocent gentlemen could thrash three armed thugs, or instill fear in American cowboys.
An outlaw, on the other hand, could.
"Willie'll be fine," Duke said to Mr. Glass.
"If she gets arrested, we'll just crack her out of jail like we did that time in Tombstone."
I gasped.
"You broke her out of jail?
Or a cemetery?"
"Holding cell," Cyclops said with a shrug.
"Tombstone is a town."
"Strange name for a town."
"Willie was innocent," Duke assured me.
Good lord.
I felt as if I'd stepped into a sensation novel.
"Apologies, Miss Steele.
I see we've alarmed you," Mr. Glass said.
"Not at all.
I'm not easily alarmed."
"So I've seen," he said with a hint of admiration and a warm smile.
"Few women would have had the presence of mind to trip a man up when she was cornered.
Indeed, most would have spent the rest of the day recovering from the ordeal you endured this morning."
"I suppose."
I couldn't look at him.
His praise was too much, and that intense look in his eyes was back again, as if he were reliving the moment he'd parted my corset and laid his hands on my bare skin.
"A brave lady," Cyclops said, raising his glass in salute.
"You'd be well suited to the Wild West, Miss Steele."
"Thank you, but it sounds a little too wild for my tastes."
Mr. Glass rose.
"Perhaps I should go with Willie."
"No," both Cyclops and Duke said.
They both glanced at me.
"Check the time."
Duke nodded at the broken clock on the mantel.
The hands hadn't moved all night.
"It's late.
Isn't it, Cyclops?"
"Too late for someone who's been unwell," Cyclops agreed.
Mr. Glass came around the table and held his hand out to me.
I took it and rose.
"I have to go out anyway."
"Why?"
Duke asked.
"To make sure Abercrombie doesn't pursue his foolish claim of theft.
Miss Steele is innocent, and I intend to make sure nothing comes of his accusation."
I gaped at him, but he merely smiled.
His thumb stroked my hand in a most intimate fashion, sending my heart into little somersaults in my chest.
I decided against protesting yet again over his need to do anything about Abercrombie.
It was in my best interests to let him think that I trusted him.
"May I take that clock to my rooms tonight?"
I asked instead.
"I'd like to try and fix it."
"Of course."
He plucked it off the mantel and handed it to me.
"I wound it, but it still refuses to work."
I returned to my room with the clock and pulled out the pieces of the mechanism, laying each of them carefully on the table.
I fished out the toolkit from my valise and cleaned each wheel, lever, and pin with a cloth.
I took my time, finding comfort in the soothing task that came so naturally to me.
I'd been cleaning mechanisms for as long as I could remember.
After nearly an hour, I discovered the culpritone of the springs had snapped.
The clock couldn't be fixed until a spare had been purchased.
I set the pieces aside and contemplated what to do next.
With Willie and Mr. Glass out, and Cyclops most likely driving him, I decided to go about searching for proof that Mr. Glass was the outlaw mentioned in that newspaper article.
If I wanted the reward, I must earn it before anyone else did.
Besides, I also wanted a knife.
Candlestick in hand, I headed downstairs, not quietly or suspiciously but as though I had need of a cup of tea.
I found Duke snoring loudly on the sofa in the drawing room, his boots off and his arms across his chest.
I continued on to the kitchen and removed a knife from the drawer.
I'd just slipped it up my sleeve when someone cleared their throat behind me.
I spun round, my gasp caught in my chest.
Mr. Glass stood in the doorway, one shoulder against the doorframe, arms and ankles crossed.
He looked as if he'd been there for some time.
"You're back," I said lamely.
"I am."
His face was in shadow, but I could just make out the curve of his lips as he smiled.
It was not a warm smile designed to reassure me.
It was roguish and knowing, as if he was warning me that he knew what I was up to.
I swallowed hard.
"Did you speak with Abercrombie?"
He pushed off from the doorframe and prowled into the kitchen.
"I never said I was going to speak with him."
"Oh."
I backed away as he came closer.
His smile widened ever so slightly.
"What about Willie?"
"She can take care of herself for one night.
I wanted to come straight home."
He kept advancing, and I continued to back away from him, although my retreat was pointless.
There were no exits behind me.
"Oh," I said again.
My voice sounded breathy, girlish.
"I was about to put on some tea," I said, more boldly.
"Would you like a cup?"
"No, thank you."
I felt the warmth of the range behind me and stopped.
I needed to face up to this man and show him I wasn't afraid, or he might wonder _why_ I was afraid.
"Can you point to where the teacups are located?"
"Are you sure you want tea?"
His voice was a purr that I found mesmerizing.
"Or did you come down here looking for something else?"
"Tea," I said, weakly.
"Definitely tea."
He was very close now, his feet touching the hem of my skirt.
I only came up to his shoulder.
My candle may have been on the table now behind him, but I could still make out the fierce intensity in his gaze as it locked with mine.
I couldn't look away.
Didn't want to.
My heart hammered against my chest, drowning out all sensible thoughts, leaving me only with mad ones.
Ones where I imagined myself kissing Mr. Glass and being kissed in return.
As if he'd read my thoughts, his fingers touched mine.
He caressed my palm and stroked upward to the underside of my wrist.
He traced my throbbing vein and tugged aside the lace cuff of the dress.
His finger continued up, up, until it touched the point of the knife.
He didn't flinch, didn't reel back in surprise.
He knew it had been there the entire time.
He continued to watch me with those deep, dark pools.
I did not pull away, despite my brain screaming at me to run.
My heart protested, too, by slamming into my ribs.
I couldn't move.
Dared not.
Running would invite him to catch me, and what he might do to me if he did scared me as much as it thrilled me.
"Careful, Miss Steele."
The thick, velvety tone held more humor than threat, yet it did nothing to settle my nerves.
"It's hot in here.
Don't get burned."
He backed away, leaving the knife concealed up my sleeve, then turned.
Clearly he wasn't concerned that I'd throw the blade into his back.
"Teacups are in that cupboard there," he said, walking out.
"Don't stay up too late.
I want an early start in the morning."
He was gone as suddenly as he'd appeared.
I had to sit down on the stool by the stove or risk falling down, my legs were so weak.
My chest heaved to gasp in air, as if I'd run all the way from Oxford Street again.
Finally, after a few minutes, the fog receded from my head and I was able to think again and not simply _feel_.
But all I could think was that my reaction to him had been sheer madness.
Never had I been reduced to a trembling ball of nerves over a man.
Never had I felt so alive in the presence of one, either, or so desirable.
That last thought shocked me to the core and had me racing out of the kitchen again before he came back.
I ran up to my room, shut and locked the door, and slipped the knife under my pillow.
I didn't trust him before and I certainly couldn't now.
He must know that I suspected him but, perhaps worse than that, he'd proved to both himself and to me that he had the power to turn me into a brainless twit who fell far too easily under his thrall.
Even if he wasn't an outlaw, he was still very dangerous.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
I awoke feeling more determined than ever to collect the reward for Mr. Glass's arrest.
Proving he was the Dark Rider would not only make me richer to the tune of two thousand American dollars, it would prove that I wasn't going to be manipulated.
He was employing me as his guide, but that was all.
I wasn't going to fall for his charm then protect him from the authorities.
I was going to point them in his direction.
All I needed now was proof that he was the outlaw mentioned in the newspaper.
No matter how much I needed the reward money, I couldn't send the wrong man to the gallows.
Mr. Glass seemed distracted by the thoroughly uninteresting scenery outside the carriage window this morning.
We were heading back to Westminster, to finish questioning the watchmakers we didn't get to the day before, and we'd not yet exchanged more than polite greetings.
It made the slow drive through traffic unnerving.
I wanted to break the ice, but I didn't know how.
I was still reeling from our kitchen encounter, and my brain wasn't yet functioning properly.
It was most disconcerting, and I didn't like it.
"The weather appears to have closed in," I said.
When in doubt, discuss the weather, so my mother always said.
"We shouldn't complain after our run of pleasant days, but it's a shame nevertheless."
His gaze swept up and down the street before he finally tore it away.
He sat back, a frown on his brow.
"I'm sorry, Miss Steele, I'm a little distracted this morning."
"Any particular reason?"
He suddenly grinned.
It was a breathtaking sight.
"The possibility of an attack by knife is on my mind."
"If that were the case, then your attention should be on the inside of the coach rather than outside it."
"Indeed."
His eyes glittered with amusement.
Clearly he didn't think me a threat.
"I hope you understand that I wasn't going to use it on you, specifically."
"Then who, specifically, were you going to use it on?"
"Anyone who tried to come into my room.
I am a woman alone in a house with strangers, three of whom are men and one woman who doesn't seem to like me very much.
I'm sorry if that offends your sense of honor, but I'm simply being cautious."
The smile disappeared from his face.
I was sorry to see it go.
"I understand completely.
You are a woman alone in the world, thrust into a household full of people you hardly know.
I'm not offended, I'm an admirer.
You're remarkable."
He ought to have stopped after the first sentence.
The rest of his praise was a little too thick to be believable.
Coupled with a gentle smile that didn't seem quite genuine, it was all too much.
I'd had enough.
I wanted him to know I could see through his act, both last night's and today's, if only it would make him stop the ridiculous charade.
"Please, Mr. Glass, such overly effusive praise isn't necessary."
"I wouldn't call it overly."
He leaned forward and clasped my hand in both of his.
"Miss Steele, I am sincere."
I snatched my hand away.
"Stop it," I snapped.
"I'm not sure if you're attempting to seduce me or merely befriend me, but let's be clear.
I am not a simpering female who falls for pretty words, flashy smiles and heated gazes."
To my surprise, he started laughing, but there was a hard edge to it.
"Is that so.
Then how _did_ Hardacre win you  over?"
I bristled.
My relationship with Eddie was none of his affair and it was the height of rudeness to bring it up.
Yet I felt compelled to answer.
I'd wanted Mr. Glass to shed his false gentlemanly manner, and now that he had, I must bear the consequences.
"I considered my options thoroughly before accepting his hand.
Eddie was always pleasant and agreeable.
Unfortunately, he was a far better actor than you.
I couldn't see past his words, smiles and gazes until it was too late.
Or perhaps I've learned a few things about men since then and am wiser now."
"Or you're just a terrible judge of character.
You were wrong about him, so perhaps you're wrong about me, too.
It's a shame, but you'll never know if I genuinely want to be your friend."
He sighed theatrically and returned to gazing through the window.
"Pity."
_Ugh._ The man was worse than I  thought.
The rest of the drive seemed to take hours, but a quick check of the watch I kept in my reticule showed that it had only been fifteen minutes when Cyclops stopped the coach outside Underwood Watches And Clocks.
I remained in the coach since Mr. Underwood knew me.
Mr. Glass didn't remain inside for long, and returned to the coach after only a few minutes.
He paused before climbing into the cabin, his gaze on something behind us.
I turned to look out the rear window but there was only a hansom cab pulling away without a passenger.
"What is it?"
Cyclops called down from his perch.
"Nothing," Mr. Glass said.
"Drive on."
He climbed in and settled on the seat across from me.
"Any luck?"
I asked, the first words either of us had spoken to the other since our frosty discussion.
Hopefully it would put an end to the silence.
"None," he said with a sigh.
"Mr. Underwood is about the right age, but he's not Chronos.
His nose is too large, for starters."
"Did he know anyone who might fit the description?"
"No, but I got the feeling he was lying."
"Why would he lie?"
His gaze flicked to me then outside.
He stroked the bottom edge of the window with his finger.
"The trick is, how to get him to tell us what he knows."
"Are you quite sure he was lying?"
"Yes."
His finger stilled.
"Do you know anything about him that we could use as leverage?"
"Leverage?
Do you mean to blackmail him?"
I got the feeling he was trying very hard not to roll his eyes.
"No, I mean leverage.
Blackmail is far more sinister.
I don't wish to harm him."
"Just use him."
"Access his information."
"Information he doesn't want to give you."
"Do you, or do you not, know anything about Mr. Underwood that we can use toencourage him to tell us what he knows?"
His tone was far more forceful and less patient than any he'd used with me before.
I felt as if I needed to reward him for being himself around me.
"I don't, but I know someone else who may know the fellow Mr. Underwood is referring to."
"Do you think he'll reveal the information?"
"He may.
Mr. Glass, is there something about your watchmaker that you're not telling me?
Something that gives him a reason to remain anonymous?"
His finger resumed its slow progress along the bottom edge of the window where glass met wood.
"Nothing."
"I don't believe you."
His lips flattened.
I arched my brow at him in a challenge and he swore quietly.
"It's not for me to divulge his reasons.
They're his."
I gasped.
"Is he an outlaw?"
"No.
Now, no more questions, please.
It's not my place to give answers.
So where can we find this old watchmaker you know?"
"Across the river."
I gave him directions and he opened the window and passed them on to Cyclops.
Cyclops called back that he could work out the way using his map, thank you very much.
Mr. Glass returned to his seat.
"What's the information that I can use as leverage?"
"It'll be better coming from me," I said.
"I'll come into his shop with you."
"Is that wise, considering the reaction you received yesterday?"
"He won't try the same trick as Abercrombie."
"How do you know?"
"Because" I _didn't_ know for certain.
The reaction of the other watchmakers on Oxford Street, not just Abercrombie, was unexpected and inexplicable.
"He's not nasty like Abercrombie," was all I said.
Although after I was through leveraging him, he might turn against me.
It took some time to get through the traffic, cross the bridge over the river, and reach Clapham.
Cyclops didn't get lost once and pulled up outside Mr. Lawson's shop on High Street.
Mr. Glass alighted first and held out his hand to assist me down the coach steps.
We'd hardly spoken on the journey, so I made a point of thanking him to break the silence.
I entered first and crossed to the counter where Mr. Lawson sat hunched on a stool, tinkering with a watch.
He glanced over his spectacles at me and dropped the watch on the counter.
A spring fell out.
"Miss Steele!
What are you doing here?"
I picked up his watch and slotted the spring back into place.
The watch resumed ticking.
I held it out for him, but he simply stared at it, his mouth ajar.
"It was broken!"
he cried.
"And I fixed it."
I held the watch higher, but still he didn't take it.
"The spring just needed to be replaced."
I felt like a fool explaining it to him when he would have noticed it falling out, surely.
He shook his head.
"That spring wasn't the problem.
I've been working on the watch all morning and I couldn't find anything wrong with it, yet it doesn't work."
Perhaps he needed new glasses.
I set the watch down on the counter.
He picked it up by its chain and moved it to the side, at arm's length.
Then he backed away from me.
"My God," he murmured, still staring at me as if I had two heads.
"Unnatural."
I felt Mr. Glass's solid presence at my back, very close.
It was reassuring, but not enough to banish my curiosity.
"Mr. Lawson, why are you afraid of me?"
The old watchmaker fingered the white mustache hiding his top lip.
He gave a nervous little laugh.
"Afraid of you?
Not at all, Miss Steele, not at all.
I'm simplyoverwhelmed to see you after all this time."
He gaze shifted to the watch then back to me.
His numerous wrinkles crunched into a deep frown.
"Your father and I were hardly friends these last few years."
"No, you weren't."
"What is it you want?
I can't offer you employment."
"I don't want to work for you."
He looked relieved.
"This is Mr. Glass," I said.
"Mr. Glass, meet Mr.
Lawson."
Mr. Glass held out his hand.
Mr. Lawson didn't come closer, so Mr. Glass lowered it.
"Is this Chronos?"
I asked.
Mr. Glass shook his head.
He then told his brief story of the mysterious Chronos and asked Mr. Lawson if he knew of a man similar in age to himself who may have been overseas five years ago.
The more Mr. Glass spoke, the wider the watchmaker's eyes became, and they were already quite wide.
I was convinced he knew the fellow Mr. Glass sought.
"Well?"
I prompted.
"Who is he?"
"Nobody."
Mr. Lawson backed up against the wall, knocking a clock hanging there.
"I know of no such man."
I looked to Mr. Glass.
He nodded gravely.
"You're lying to us," I said to Mr. Lawson.
"You _do_ know who we're  seeking."
He held up his hands and once again his shoulder bumped the clock.
It tilted to the right.
"I don't!
For goodness sakes, Miss Steele, I'm an old man.
Please leave me be."
"You're an old man who is also a liar.
You stole my watch design, entered it into the guild's awards and won.
_My_ design, Mr. Lawson.
That award should have gone to  me."
Mr. Glass's hand touched my lower back.
Steadying me?
Reassuring me?
Preparing to stop me from jumping over the counter?
"Ah.
That."
Mr. Lawson stroked his mustache again and gave another nervous laugh.
"Yes, that."
"Come now, Miss Steele, there's no need to be upset about something that happened several years ago."
"I am not upset!"
I cleared my throat and said, more calmly, "I'm willing to overlook your theft if you"
"Theft!
I wouldn't go that far, Miss Steele.
You're being quite hysterical."
I pressed my knuckles on the counter and leaned forward.
He flattened himself against the wall, knocking the clock off altogether.
It crashed to the floor in a cacophony of splintered wood and a single out-of-tune _cuckoo_.
Mr. Lawson pushed his spectacles up his  nose.
"It was theft," I growled.
"The guild won't look kindly on you if they learn what you did.
Their bylaws state that anyone caught cheating in an awards contest will be thrown out of the guild."
"II'm not so sure they would believe you, considering your history with them.
It might be seen as sour grapes."
That was the point I hadn't been so confident about, but I'd come this far.
I could bluff my way to the end.
"It would throw enough doubt in their minds that they would watch you very closely, Mr. Lawson.
Now, I'm willing to leave the issue alone, as my father and I chose to do, if you tell us what you know about the fellow Mr. Glass is seeking."
He licked his top lip, dampening his mustache ends that he then proceeded to stroke.
"Come now, Mr. Lawson.
I know you know him.
You're not that good a liar."
He glanced past me to Mr. Glass.
"His name is Mirth.
He may or may not be the man you want, but he fits your description.
He used to have a shop near here until he traveled overseas some years ago."
"Five years?"
Mr. Glass prompted.
Mr. Lawson shrugged.
"Perhaps more, perhaps less.
The years all blend together at my age."
"Do you know where he went on his travels?"
I asked.
"No.
He simply shut his shop one day and never re-opened it upon his return."
"The name isn't familiar to me," I said.
"He was a watchmaker near here?"
He snorted and pushed his spectacles up his nose again.
"You don't know every watchmaker who ever worked in London, Miss Steele."
He had a point.
"Where is he now?"
"I heard he was at the Aged Christian Society on Sackville Street, but that was some time ago.
He may have passed."
"Where's Sackville Street?"
Mr. Glass asked.
"Off Piccadilly."
"I know it," I said.
"Thank you, Mr. Lawson," Mr. Glass said.
"You've been very helpful."
"Good day to you."
Mr. Lawson cleared his throat and took a step away from the wall.
"Miss Steele, do I have your promise not to mention that little incident to anyone at the guild?
It was some years ago, after all."
"As long as your information isn't false, I see no reason why I need to speak of it."
Father had decided not to make a fuss at the time, and although it galled me that Mr. Lawson had got away with it, Father was probably right.
The onus of proof was on us, and I wasn't sure I had enough evidence to convince the biased guild members.
"Good day, Mr. Lawson.
I do hope your cuckoo clock isn't too damaged."
I walked out with Mr. Glass.
"You were excellent in there," he said, as he helped me up the coach step.
He was looking tired again, although not exhausted.
"Don't start that again, Mr. Glass," I ground out.
"I'm not in the mood for your false niceties."
His jaw hardened.
"I wasn't being false."
To Cyclops, he said, "Drive to Sackville Street, off Piccadilly."
He folded up the step, climbed into the cabin, and sat opposite me.
He slammed the door shut.
I thought I'd upset him.
Oh well.
His moods were of no interest to me.
It did mean an unpleasantly awkward journey, however.
It wasn't long before I regretted my outburst.
Mr. Glass had seemed sincere, and it was unfair of me to snap at him when I was angry with Mr. Lawson.
"Miss Steele," he said, tearing his gaze away from the window.
"I must ask you something about that exchange with Mr. Lawson.
Can I, without risk of my head being bitten off?"
I pressed my lips together to suppress my smile.
"Go ahead."
"You fixed that watch for him, even though he couldn't.
How can that be?"
I shrugged one shoulder.
"He's old and ought to retire, perhaps.
It was only a matter of re-attaching the spring."
"Mr. Lawson has decades of experience, yet you wish me to believe he missed something so simple?"
"What other explanation is there?
It wasn't working; I fixed it easily when he couldn't.
There's nothing more to it."
He nodded slowly without taking his gaze off me.
I found it unnerving so concentrated on the streets passing us by outside.
After several turns, I realized we weren't heading in the right direction.
I opened the window and shouted as much up to Cyclops.
He leaned over and looked back so that he could see me then touched the side of his nose as if to keep a secret.
I closed the window again.
"What did he say?"
Mr. Glass asked, rubbing his temples.
"That he knows what he's doing."
When we pulled into Park Street, Mr. Glass shoved open the door and leapt out before the coach had come to a complete stop outside his house.
"What the devil are you doing?"
he roared at Cyclops.
"Bringing you home to rest," Cyclops said.
"And keep it down.
You're scaring the horse."
The front door of number sixteen burst open just as I stepped out of the coach.
A woman in her fifties stood on the threshold, an angry scowl on her face as she took in both myself and Mr. Glass.
Dressed in black lace from head to toe, she looked like a cobweb in mourning.
"Matt!"
Willie called out from behind her.
"Better come inside real quick before she causes a scene."
"You!"
The woman pointed at Mr. Glass before he had a chance to move.
"Squatter!
Intruder!
Get out of my house or I'll have you arrested."
* Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 # Chapter 7
"Vagabond!"
The woman cried in a shrill voice.
"House thief!"
She advanced down the steps, still pointing her finger at Mr. Glass.
Her hand shook, and next to him, she looked tiny and fragile, yet she faced up to him as if she were a warrior.
I admired her immensely.
I remained on the pavement, waiting to see Mr. Glass's response.
Cyclops didn't move the coach onward, and Duke now joined Willie at the door.
Unlike her, his gaze was on Mr. Glass, not the woman.
He looked concerned.
A quick glance at Mr. Glass proved why.
The telltale signs of exhaustion tugged at his eyes and mouth.
"You're mistaken, madam," he said.
"I own this house."
He _owned_ it?
Id thought he'd simply leased it.
How did an American come to own a house in one of London's best  areas?
"You cannot own this house," the woman said with a haughty sniff.
"My nephew does."
Willie's eyes widened so far they were in danger of popping out of her head.
"Coyote's balls," Duke muttered.
Mr. Glass blinked several times before finally clearing his throat.
"Then you must be Miss Letitia Glass."
He bowed.
"I am Matthew Glass.
Your nephew."
The woman stumbled backward, only to trip up the stair.
Willie and Duke caught her and righted her.
She hardly seemed aware of her near-accident or the people behind her, despite another colorful phrase spilling from Duke's lips.
"No," she muttered.
"No, no, no.
You cannot be Matthew.
He is in America, doingAmerican things.
He would write to notify me of his arrival."
She leaned forward, squinted hard at him, then leaned back and continued her scrutiny, as if the distance would help her see better.
"Why would I write when I've never written before?"
Mr. Glass said.
"Aunt Letitia"
"Don't call me that," she snapped.
She reached out and caught his chin.
He could have avoided her grip but he bore her inspection as she turned his head from side to side.
"Hmmm.
You do have some of the Glass bearing, and you're as handsome as your father.
But you cannot be Matthew.
He is only thirty.
You look much older."
"He's been ill," Willie said.
Mr. Glass gave his cousin a sharp glare as Letitia Glass let him go.
"I am unconvinced.
Prove to me that you are Matthew and I'll allow you to stay here."
"You'll _allow_ me?"
"Yes.
I'll allow you, Mr. Whoever-You-Are.
The more I see of you, the more I doubt you are my nephew.
My dearest brother would not bring his son up to be impertinent to his aunt.
Harry had manners."
At mention of his father, Mr. Glass lowered his head.
He heaved a sigh.
" _You_ prove who you are, " Duke said before Mr. Glass could respond.
The tiny woman turned to him.
"Everyone knows me."
She waved a hand at the neighboring window.
The curtain moved and the face that had been watching disappeared.
"I am well known in London.
I wasama dear friend to the queen."
She touched the gray curls at the nape of her neck, poking out from beneath the cloud of black veil surrounding her hat.
"I've been painted by masters, courted by foreign princes, and dined in palaces.
A white knight even slayed a dragon for me, once."
Stunned silence followed her odd pronouncement as we all stared at her.
A light rain began to fall and the curtain of the neighbor's house parted again.
Letitia Glass stood in the center of us with an outwardly thrust chin, a straight back, and a glint in her eye that I now suspected was madness.
"Miss Glass," I said, gently.
"My name is India Steele and I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.
Please, come inside out of the rain.
We'll have a cup of tea and see if we can sort out this misunderstanding.
I give my word that no one will harm you."
She took in my face, my clothes, the reticule dangling from my wrist.
"You do seem like a good, respectable _English_ girl. "
She shot Willie a barbed glance.
Willie opened her mouth to say something, but Mr. Glass shook his head and she shut it again.
Miss Letitia Glass stepped back onto the porch and, after a brief hesitation, took Duke's offered arm.
"No one will harm her?"
Mr. Glass murmured in my ear.
His hand on my elbow gripped hard.
"You think me capable of hurting elderly ladies?"
"Mr. Glass" I stopped myself from telling him I didn't trust him and instead said, "It reassured her, did it not?
Is there anything you can show her to prove who you are?"
"Is that for her benefit or yours?"
He let me go and indicated I should step inside ahead of him.
"I never doubted you were Matthew Glass," I said, passing him.
"Until now."
Mr. Glass didn't join us, and Duke disappeared after depositing Miss Glass on the drawing room sofa.
I sat beside her, hoping my presence would give her some sense of comfort, although she didn't look in need of it.
She sat as if she ought to be just there, her black skirts taking up much of the sofa.
She touched a polished black stone, set in gold, clasped to her dress at the base of her throat, and wrinkled her nose.
"This room is stale," she announced.
"You ought to open it up."
"There ain't no point," Willie said.
"We'll be gone soon, and it's always raining here anyways or the air's sooty."
"Miss Glass," I said, "tell me about your nephew, Matthew."
I wanted to learn as much about him as possible before he returned.
That's if the fellow who'd employed me was in fact her nephew.
"Ask him yourself," Willie cut in.
"Would he answer me?"
She merely shrugged.
"My brother is so dear to me," Miss Glass said wistfully.
Her eyes turned cloudy and I doubted whether she saw her surroundings at all.
"He's so lively and jolly, and terribly kind.
He excels at everything he puts his hand to.
So clever and amiable.
Everyone adores him and wants to be his friend.
Except Papa, of course."
Her mouth twisted into a frown.
"And Richard."
"Er, Miss Glass."
I glanced at Willie.
She shrugged back.
"I was asking after Matthew Glass, your nephew, not your brother."
"Your brother is dead."
Willie raised her voice, as if Miss Glass were deaf.
"Willie!"
I hissed.
Miss Glass stirred and shifted on the sofa.
"Yes.
Of course he is.
I know that."
She lowered her head but not before I saw tears spring to her eyes.
"What do you know about Matthew?"
I tried again.
"Nothing," Miss Glass said.
"I've never met him.
Harry wrote to me when his wife bore a son.
That was thirty years ago, but it feels like yesterday.
I was happy for him.
For them both, although I never met her, of course.
Her people were poor American folk, you see, and not at all suitable for a Glass.
But Harry, being Harry, married her anyway.
He always was the romantic one."
She sighed.
Willie bristled.
"Poor American folk?"
she echoed.
"Quite the wrong sort," Miss Glass told her.
"All veryrough, so one of Harry's early letters said."
She sighed again.
"He wrote often after he announced Matthew's birth, but Richard hid the letters from me.
The housekeeper told me about them, but she didn't dare take them like I asked."
"Who is Richard?"
I ventured.
"My brother and the current Baron of Rycroft."
"Baron!"
both Willie and I blurted out.
"A proper baron or is that just what folk like to call him?"
Willie asked.
"Why would anyone call him a baron if he is not one?"
Miss Glass laughed like a young girl.
"Silly Americans," she said to me, as if sharing a private joke with another Englishwoman.
I was still too stunned to respond, however.
Mr. Glass was the nephew of a baron!
But he was far too foreign.
And although he could act the gentleman well enough, there was nothing noble about him.
Surely there was a mistake and he wasn't the Matthew Glass related to this woman.
That would make him a liar, and a squatter, as she'd called him.
It wasn't much of a stretch from there to outlaw.
Dread settled into my bones.
If this woman could prove he wasn't Matthew Glass then she could be in danger from him.
Duke entered carrying a tray.
I poured the tea because Willie was busy telling Duke what Miss Glass had said.
I used both hands, the one steadying the other.
"Did you know?"
Willie pestered Duke.
He shook his head.
"You didn't?
But you're his cousin."
"Cousin?"
Miss Glass _humphed_.
"What did I tell you, Miss Steele?
My brother married into a rough American family, and there's the proof."
She accepted the cup and bestowed a genteel smile upon me, as if she hadn't just insulted Willie.
Willie advanced on her, hands on her hips, her nostrils flaring like a raging bull's.
She didn't speak for an entire twenty seconds, simply breathed heavily and glared daggers at Miss Glass.
"You take that back!"
she finally said.
"Why should she?"
Duke grunted.
"She's right."
Willie marched back to him and punched him so hard in the shoulder that he was forced back a step.
She stormed out of the drawing room to the sound of his chuckles.
"We beat you in the war!"
she shouted back.
"We've been at war with America?"
Miss Glass asked, a hand to her chest.
"Dear me, how dreadful."
"I think she's referring to the War of Independence over a hundred years ago," I said, trying not to smile in relief.
Willie, at least, wasn't a threatat present.
Miss Glass sipped her tea.
"Where is he?"
she asked, looking past Duke to the door.
"Where is the fellow claiming to be my nephew?
I want another look at him."
"Keep your hair on," Duke said. "
He'll be back soon."
Miss Glass patted her gray curls.
Mr. Glass strode into the drawing room, and Miss Glass immediately sat up straighter.
She couldn't take her eyes off him, nor he her.
He looked healthier again, the signs of illness and exhaustion gone.
He dragged a chair over to sit near her and handed her a tintype photograph.
He held another back.
"This is me with my parents," he said quietly.
"I was about three years of age."
He watched Miss Glass's reaction intently.
Her eyes shone with unshed tears as she traced the man in the photograph with her thumb.
It must be her brother then.
He looked remarkably like Mr. Glass did now, only with a mustache and hair parted at the side.
He stood a little behind the seated woman with hooped skirts.
She was very pretty, with slender features and large eyes.
She held the hand of the little boy scowling at the camera.
He looked like he resented having to stand still for so long.
"And this is me with my parents just before they fell ill.
I was fifteen."
The couple's appearance had hardly changed.
Her gown was dark instead of light, the skirts not quite so broad, and she wore a bonnet over her hair.
The man's hairline had begun to recede a little, but he was still very handsome.
The boy had grown up and now stood behind his mother's other side.
He was taller than his father, with wide shoulders, and he no longer scowled at the camera but looked directly into it with calm countenance.
His face may have been more youthful, but it was unmistakably the man sitting opposite, and he was most assuredly the son of the man in both photographs.
It was a wonder Miss Glass hadn't noticed the striking familiarity immediately upon seeing him.
Then again, she was touched in the head.
She sniffed loudly.
Mr. Glass handed her his handkerchief and she dabbed at her eyes.
"Harry," she whispered, stroking the tintype again.
"My dearest Harry."
Mr. Glass watched her, his elbows on his knees, his throat moving with his swallow.
"Aunt Letitia?"
he murmured.
She wiped her cheek with the handkerchief and handed back the photographs.
She clasped both his hands.
"Matthew," she whispered.
"We have so much to discuss.
We must be quick."
"Quick?
Why?"
She flapped the hand that held the handkerchief.
"Is it true your parents died from an illness?"
He nodded.
"Both died with weeks of the other."
"Then what did you do?"
He leaned back in the chair and studied each of the tintypes.
"Returned to my mother's family in California.
Until I was old enough to leave," he added with chilling bite.
I sat on the edge of my seat, waiting for him to dole out more pieces of the puzzle that could help me solve the mystery of Mr. Glass.
"Why did you come to England after all this time?"
she asked.
"Harry vowed never to return."
"I'm looking for someone."
His gaze flicked to me then back to his aunt.
It was the first time he'd acknowledged my presence since walking into the drawing room.
"I see.
Well, I am glad you came."
She wrung his hand in both of hers.
"Are you married?"
He pulled free.
"No."
"Promised to anyone?"
"No."
"Excellent!
We must find you a bride now that you're home.
A good English girl, someone from our set."
She clicked her tongue.
"If only I knew who the right girls are nowadays."
"Aunt, please, I'm not looking for a bride.
Just a watchmaker."
Again, he glanced at me.
He must want to get away to speak with the watchmaker known as Mirth.
"Nor am I here for long.
I leave on Tuesday."
"Tuesday!
But that is too soon."
He stood.
She tried to clasp his hand but he moved away.
He couldn't have failed to notice the attempt, however.
He held himself rigidly as he went to stand by the mantel, as far away from us as possible while remaining in the room.
"I hope you are well, Aunt."
"Fit as a fiddle.
But Matthew"
"And my Uncle Richard?"
She clicked her tongue.
"Still alive, more's the pity."
"Does he take care of your needs?"
Mr. Glass asked.
"I am adequately fed and housed, like one of his horses, if that's what you mean."
She clasped her hands on her lap, her proud chin once more tilted at an imperial angle.
This was a woman aware of her elevated position in the world.
The madness was nowhere to be seen.
"Does he know I'm in England?"
Mr. Glass asked.
"Yes."
"Did he have me followed?"
"Followed?
Why would he follow you?"
"I don't know the answer to that, but I do know that I'm being followed."
So that was why he constantly looked out the coach window this morning.
"When?"
Duke sounded worried.
Mr. Glass dismissed his question with a shake of his head.
Duke's lips flattened, and I thought he'd argue but Miss Glass started talking again.
"Richard heard that Harry's house was occupied," she said, indicating the room we sat in.
So the house had belonged to Mr. Glass's father, not the Rycroft estate.
That explained why Mr. Matthew Glass had inherited it.
"I don't know who alerted him.
Perhaps one of the neighbors."
"Most likely.
I've seen them watching me, but none have greeted us."
"I overheard Richard telling Beatrice that someone was occupying the house.
He didn't inform me directly."
"Beatrice?"
"His wife."
Mr. Glass nodded slowly.
"Was my name mentioned?"
"No, just that the house was occupied and he would look into it."
"He hasn't been here," Mr. Glass said.
"Nobody from the family has, until you."
"It was only this morning that I overheard Richard and Beatrice discussing it.
I came as soon as I could get away.
I couldn't bear the thought of squatters in my Harry's house."
"Good of you to be concerned."
I couldn't be sure from his tone if he was being sincere or not.
"I was very concerned.
I doubted Richard would lift a finger to check.
As soon as I escaped, I came here."
We all leaned forward, brows raised.
"Escaped?"
Mr. Glass said.
"From Uncle Richard?"
"No, from Beatrice.
I asked her to take me shopping.
I'm not allowed out on my own, you see."
"Why not?"
"I buy things, then Richard gets angry that I've spent too much money, even though it's _my_ money to spend.
I have an allowance.
Oh, and I talk to people. "
She grinned, as if it were the naughtiest thing to do and she only did it to annoy her brother.
"You're not allowed to talk to people?"
I asked, when Mr. Glass said nothing.
He looked contemplative.
"Richard only allows me to receive callers in his presence or Beatrice's.
He doesn't want me telling them what a cruel man he is to me.
Appearances are important to him.
More important than me."
"Aunt Letitia, he can't possibly be as bad as that," Mr. Glass said.
"Are you calling me a liar?"
He sucked in a sharp breath.
"Not at all.
I know my father didn't get along with his father, and Richard usually took their father's side, but"
"Usually?"
She sniffed.
"It was every time.
Richard knew what side his bread was buttered on.
No spine, that's always been his problem.
Harry, however, had more bottle than anyone I've ever met.
That was _his_ problem, you see. "
The anger and vigor drained out of her as she spoke, and the wistful gaze returned to her eyes.
I half expected her to mention white knights and dragons again.
"Harry was selfless and brave, with a kind heart.
He told our father when he was being unfair to our farmers and staff, and Father hated him for it.
He hated him for being generous, hated him for being better at everything, and hated him for speaking out.
He and Richard despised Harry for being himself."
I watched Mr. Glass from beneath my lashes.
He went utterly still and didn't speak a word.
After a moment, he swallowed heavily and blinked rapidly.
I wasn't quite sure if it was a show of emotion or not.
"Does he beat you?"
Duke asked Miss Glass.
We all looked at him.
"Does your brother beat you, ma'am?"
He stated it matter-of-factly, as if one asked strangers that sort of thing all the time.
Distaste rippled across Miss Glass's features.
"Who're you to ask me such a question?"
"I'm Matt's friend."
"I thought you were the butler."
Duke narrowed his eyes at Mr. Glass.
"I need a drink.
Want one?"
Mr. Glass waved him off, and Duke left the drawing room.
A rather awkward silence followed his departure.
I waited for aunt and nephew to fall into a discussion about family members, and catch up on old times, but they did not.
It would seem they needed some assistance to get to know one another.
"Why did your brother, Harry, leave England, Miss Glass?"
I asked.
Her eyes misted again, and I regretted bringing it up, but I was wildly curious.
I knew I shouldn't be.
The family was none of my affair.
Yet I waited impatiently for her answer.
Unfortunately, she suddenly stiffened.
Her gaze sharpened and cleared.
"Who _are_ you, Miss Steele?
Why are you  here?"
"I'm also a friend of your nephew's," I said.
He did not counter me but amusement touched the corners of his mouth.
He watched me openly, challenging me to pile more lies onto the heap.
No doubt he would remind me of them later then watch me try to dig my way out.
"More acquaintances, really."
I didn't want to tell her I worked for him.
It would immediately lessen my status in her eyes, and she might cease talking in front of me, the hired help.
"Acquaintance?"
She nodded slowly, eyeing me again, and this time I felt certain she was assessing every piece of my clothing, right down to the cotton thread.
"So I see.
A mistress would be better attired and wear jewelry.
No Glass would be so stingy as to dress his woman in gray cotton.
So what is the nature of your acquaintance with my nephew?"
"She's my assistant," Mr. Glass answered before I could think of something.
"She assists me in my work."
"You work?"
She looked as if she'd tasted something sour.
"Of course I work," he said.
"Doesn't everyone?"
I rolled my eyes.
The man had no idea.
The American upper classes might work and be proud of it, but here, the best families didn't like dirtying their hands.
Most lived off their landholdings or made good marriages.
Of course, there were wealthy gentlemen merchants, manufacturers, bankers and the like, but few in the nobility had done a hard day of labor in their life.
"Tell her what sort of work you do, Mr.
Glass."
It was rather fun watching him squirm as he tried to think of something, and I found it difficult to keep my smile off my face.
Clearly he deemed it necessary to lie to her.
That thought wiped my smile clean away.
If he had to lie, then his work involved something secretive, like being an outlaw, perhaps.
"I manage the family affairs," he said, giving me a smug flat-lipped smile.
"What business is your family in?"
I inquired.
"Stop this talk at once."
Miss Glass shuddered.
"Your family is here, Matthew, and _we_ do not discuss such vulgar  things."
"With respect, Aunt, I have family on two continents.
My American family may not be as" He drummed his fingers on the side of his teacup as he thought.
"They may not be as _highly regarded_ as the Glasses, but they're still family."
She picked up her cup too.
"I admire your loyalty, but do try to remember that your father's family are nobility, and your mother's are riffraff."
I thought he would be offended, but he merely muttered, "I'm not that loyal," into his teacup.
"Indeed," she said, her tone dry.
"Why did you never write to me?
Your father did."
"You just told me his letters were kept from you, so what does it matter if I wrote or not?"
"It matters."
I nodded in agreement.
He scowled at me then turned back to his aunt.
"With respect, I don't know you.
Writing to someone I've never met felt odd."
"That doesn't excuse it."
He looked uncomfortable, and I felt a little sympathy for him, although I couldn't think why he deserved it.
"Now that you've met, I'm sure writing to one another will be easier," I said.
"I promise to write when I'm back home," Mr. Glass assured his aunt.
She looked pained.
"We've only just met and already you're talking about leaving me."
"This was only ever going to be a fleeting visit."
"Yes, but now that you're here, why not stay longer?
I can introduce you to all my friends and acquaintances.
The queen!
You must meet the queen, and the prince consort, too.
Such a happy couple."
Oh dear.
The prince consort had died years ago.
Miss Glass's madness was a fickle affliction, sometimes making her seem perfectly normal, until she uttered something outrageous.
Mr. Glass knew it too.
His shoulders rounded, as if the weight of her madness was a personal burden he had to carry.
And yet he also seemed to want to have little to do with her.
He hadn't written, for one thing, and hadn't asked her to stay for lunch.
It was terribly impolite of him, and I decided to rectify it immediately.
"Miss Glass, would you join us for lunch today?
Cyclops can return you to your brother's house afterward."
"No!"
She set the teacup down with a clatter.
Then, as if her own vehemence surprised her, she pressed a hand to her stomach, and said, "I'd rather not return to Richard's home."
Mr. Glass and I exchanged glances.
"At all?"
he asked her.
"At all.
I thought perhaps that now you're here"
"No."
Her eyes filled with tears, and she dipped her head to hide them.
I scowled at Mr. Glass, but he merely turned his head away.
Heartless man.
I touched Miss Glass's hand.
"Your nephew would happily welcome you into his household, but I'm afraid he's leaving in less than a week," I reminded her.
She _humph_ ed.
"We shall see."
I did like her conviction, but it saddened me that she wanted to stay with Mr. Glass so much.
Her situation with her brother mustn't be a happy one if she was so eager to live with a nephew she hardly knew and his rough friends and family.
I squeezed her hand and she surprised me by squeezing it back.
A commotion outside drew everyone's attention.
Mr. Glass was at the door in four long strides, but he fell back as a woman breezed into the drawing room.
She was tall and slender, with skin so pale the veins in her throat stood out.
I guessed her to be younger than Miss Glass, but it was difficult to determine her exact age.
The skin around her eyes and forehead was pulled back by the tight arrangement of her hair beneath her turban.
The smoothness contrasted the deep grooves drooping from each corner of her mouth to her chin.
Her hazel eyes flashed in Miss Glass's direction.
She didn't seem to notice anyone else as she strode up to the elderly woman on the sofa.
Miss Glass shrank back and leaned toward me.
"What is the meaning of this?"
Mr. Glass growled.
"Who are you?"
The woman didn't turn around.
She held out her hand to Miss Glass.
"I knew you'd be here!
Come, Letitia.
Leave this place at once."
"I'd rather stay."
Miss Glass picked up her teacup, only to have her arm wrenched by the newcomer.
Tea spilled and I caught the cup before it tumbled to the floor.
"Beatrice!"
Miss Glass gasped.
So this was her sister-in-law, Lady Rycroft.
She certainly wasn't behaving in a very ladylike manner.
Lady Rycroft's grip must have been hard, because she marched Miss Glass toward the door.
"Richard will be furious when I tell him you ran away from me," she spat.
"I knew the shopping expedition was a ruse.
I told him so, but he wouldn't listen to me."
Mr. Glass stepped in the way, blocking the exit.
He could look quite formidable when he wanted to, and I felt relieved to see him finally take some interest in his aunt's welfare.
"Unhand her," he snarled.
"I beg your pardon!"
Lady Rycroft may have been tall for a woman, but she only came up to his chin, even when she straightened her spine.
"I am Lady Rycroft and your aunt.
You will treat me with the respect I deserve."
So she knew who he was, then.
I tried to think of something diplomatic to ease the tensions, but I could think of nothing.
Behind Mr. Glass, Duke and Willie gathered close to hear the exchange.
"You can be sure that I will," he said.
"When you've shown me you deserve my respect.
You come into my house without greeting and drag out one of my guests against her will.
I think I'm entitled to tell you to unhand her."
"I will not!
You don't know how she is.
She needs her rest at home.
Her head is soft, you see"
"My head is perfectly all right, thank you!"
Miss Glass sniffed in her sister- in-law's direction.
"Unhand her and she will return home of her own free will," Mr. Glass said.
"After lunch."
"No!"
Miss Glass cried.
I almost shouted at him too.
How could he be so cruel?
She clearly didn't want to return to her brother's house.
"Can't she stay here for a few days while you're in London?"
I dared venture.
"Then she could return."
Or he could find other arrangements for her in the meantime.
I expected him to admonish me for my impertinence, but he merely looked away, although not before I saw a shadow pass over his eyes.
"He won't leave England."
Honestly, Miss Glass's determination that he would remain wasn't helping the situation.
"I've made my decision," he said.
"You may stay for luncheon, Aunt Letitia, but no longer.
I'm a busy man, and I don't have time for callers."
He spun on his heel and stalked out the door.
"Duke, see Lady Rycroft out."
"You must return her yourself," Lady Rycroft said to his back.
"She cannot be trusted with one of your men.
She's very cunning."
"Very well," he said in low tones that only just reached us.
"It's about time I met my uncle anyway."
"He looks forward to meeting you."
"I doubt it."
Lady Rycroft let her sister-in-law go and, head high, eased past the others, careful not to brush up against any of them.
I expected Miss Glass to break down in hysteria or run after her nephew to plead with him, but she merely gathered her skirts and smiled at me.
"Will you be joining us for luncheon, Miss Steele?"
she asked as if nothing were amiss.
"I would very much like your company."
* Chapter 8 Chapter 8{{{1 # Chapter 8
I discovered over luncheon that Lord and Lady Rycroft had three daughters.
They weren't in need of a governess at present, but I decided to present myself to them and offer my services to any of their friends.
When I asked Mr. Glass if I could come with him to return his aunt to her home, he promptly started an argument.
"A governess?"
he said as he handed my hat to me at the door.
"Why do you want to be a governess?"
"Because none of the watchmakers in London will employ me as their assistant."
After our recent visits, I was beginning to see that the situation was even more hopeless than I had first thought.
"A governess's position might suit me just as well.
I'm educated, and I can play the piano and sew as well as any woman."
"I don't doubt it."
"Then why are you being resistant to the idea?"
He wedged his hat under his arm without a care for its shape and opened the front door.
Cyclops waited with the horse and carriage.
"I'm not resistant, I simply don't think anyone will employ you," Mr. Glass said.
"Oh dear," his aunt muttered.
"Why not?"
I asked hotly.
His aunt _tsk tsk_ ed and shook her head at him as she passed.
He scowled back at her.
He'd been doing a great deal of scowling ever since she arrived.
He hadn't joined us over luncheon, preferring to eat alone in his rooms.
I wondered if he'd been resting or using his special watch again.
"Aunt Letitia, you explain it to her," he said.
"Good lord, no," she tossed over her shoulder.
"You made your bed, now you must lie in it."
He jerked his head toward the carriage, but I didn't move from the doorway.
"Go on then, Mr. Glass.
Tell me why you think I'd make a terrible governess."
"I didn't say you'd be terrible.
I think you'd make an excellent governess.
But I doubt anyone will employ you."
"Because I have no experience?"
I stood in the doorway only inches from him, suddenly feeling small, stupid and pathetic.
My conviction rapidly drained away.
I was a fool.
He was right.
No one would employ me as a governess without references.
I lowered my head.
"I'll stay here," I mumbled.
I stepped back inside, but he caught my chin.
I was so shocked that I lifted my gaze to his.
He seemed equally shocked by his action and quickly let me go.
He tucked his hands behind his back.
"I'm sorry," he murmured.
"I shouldn't have said anything.
Come with us, Miss Steele.
Hopefully you'll prove me wrong."
He offered me a smile and his elbow.
I took it and descended the steps.
He helped Miss Glass into the coach, and then me, and climbed in after us.
I still felt a little bruised by his lack of confidence in my employability, but he had offered me an olive branch and it would be rude of me not to accept it.
"How does one gain experience as a governess in the first place if one doesn't have experience?"
I said to no one in particular.
"It's not your lack of experience that will hold you back, Miss Steele," Miss Glass said.
"It's your pretty face, lovely figure, and your forthright manner."
Mr. Glass turned to look out the window, as if he hadn't heard a thing his aunt said when she was sitting right beside him.
I was too stunned to say anything.
"I'm sorry to dash your hopes," Miss Glass went on, "but you needed to be told.
We women can sometimes be unfair to each other, and it would take a kind-hearted woman, sure of her own appeal and the love of her husband, to take you on in such an elevated position.
Perhaps as a maid, but not a governess.
Believe me, none of Beatrice's circle fit that description.
A gaggle of preening geese, the lot of them."
"Thank you, Miss Glass," I said, unable to think of anything else.
She had given me a compliment, and my mother had always told me to be gracious, even when the compliment was unintended or made from politeness.
"So you ought to thank me," she said with a smug curve of her lips.
"The daughters of Beatrice's friends are all as awful as their mothers.
Trying to educate them will send any sane woman to the madhouse."
I smiled, but there was no humor in it.
My hopes of working as a governess had almost disappeared entirely.
I shouldn't have come.
I should have stayed home to find evidence linking Mr. Glass to the outlaw in the papers.
The reward money was looking more and more appealing.
Lord Rycroft's house faced Belgrave Square.
It was not unlike Mr. Glass's Mayfair house, in that it was tall and part of a series of townhouses that stretched from one end of the street to the other.
Miss Glass informed us on the short journey that the Rycroft estate in the countryside was somewhat neglected, since Beatrice preferred the city and all the social opportunities London offered.
"Your father would be disappointed," she said, eyeing her nephew.
"He loved Rycroft.
I always thought it a shame he wasn't the oldest son.
He appreciated it more."
"Yet he would have hated the responsibility," Mr. Glass said coolly.
"And resented having to remain in the same place for long."
Miss Glass sighed.
"Very true."
Stiff-backed footmen greeted us with blank stares.
They performed their duties of door-opening and hat-taking with mechanical formality.
I wanted to pinch one to see if he reacted.
"Finally," Lady Rycroft said with a pointed glance at the gilt and jet clock on the mantel in the drawing room.
It was fifteen minutes fast.
I wondered if she knew.
"I've had to postpone my afternoon engagements to wait for you, Letitia."
"You didn't need to wait," Miss Glass said, taking a seat and indicating that I should too.
I did and checked the time on the watch I'd tucked into my waistcoat pocket.
The mantel one was definitely fifteen minutes ahead.
"Richard wouldn't allow me to leave until you returned," Lady Rycroft said.
"He's punishing _me_ for _your_ little morning  escapade."
"Is he here?"
Mr. Glass cut in, taking up a position by the white marble mantel, his elbow near the clock.
I tore my gaze away from the timepiece, only to find it kept wandering back.
"One of the footmen is notifying him of your presence."
The conversation stalled as we all waited for Lord Rycroft's entrance.
I clasped my hands in my lap, twisting my fingers around one another, but it was impossible.
The clock called me as loudly as any trumpet.
"Forgive me, Lady Rycroft, but have you noticed that your clock is fast?"
Mr. Glass and Miss Glass looked at the clock.
Lady Rycroft looked at me.
"Who _are_ you, and why are you here? "
she asked, as if seeing me for the first time.
"My name is India Steele."
Before I could go on, Mr. Glass spoke.
"Miss Steele is my assistant."
Lady Rycroft's eyebrows almost disappeared into her turban.
Her face flushed and she picked up a fan from the table and fanned herself.
"I'm helping him search for someone," I said quickly with a glare at Mr. Glass.
He wasn't smiling but somehow he managed to look amused.
"After his return to America, I'll be in need of other work.
If you know of anyone requiring a governess, then I would appreciate it if you could pass on my details.
I have an excellent grasp of most subjects, particularly mathematics and engineering."
At her look of horror, I added, "And the gentler arts, too, of course.
I can be found at Mr. Glass's residence in Mayfair for a few days more."
Her gaze fell to my chest then lifted to my face.
The grooves drooping from her mouth deepened.
"Nobody I know needs a governess at present."
My hopes fell, although they weren't as dashed as they would have been if Miss Glass hadn't forewarned me in the carriage.
I thanked Lady Rycroft and willed my face to not turn red as I felt Mr. and Miss Glass watching me.
Fortunately, Lord Rycroft entered at that moment too.
Mr. Glass stood straighter, and Miss Glass shrank into the sofa, as if she were trying to make herself invisible.
He didn't see her, however.
He only had eyes for his nephew.
Lord Rycroft was a less appealing version of Mr. Glass, and it wasn't simply the age difference that accounted for it.
The older man did sport some gray through his thick black hair, but that was his only distinguishing feature.
He was shorter yet just as broad in chest and shoulder, which made him stocky.
He may once have had the sharply angular cheeks of Mr. Glass but it was impossible to tell beneath the layers of sagging fat.
Muddy eyes took in every inch of his nephew, slowly, as if measuring him against the memory of his dead brother and perhaps against himself.
Lord Rycroft's stature straightened with every passing moment, and his chest expanded.
I pressed my lips together to stop myself smiling at his attempts to make himself more impressive.
He ought not bother.
Mr. Glass wasn't easily matched by anyone, let alone a short, fat man twice his age.
"Good afternoon, Uncle," Mr. Glass said, holding out his hand.
Lord Rycroft ignored it.
"What brings you to London?"
He had a ropey voice, as if it struggled to travel through his thick throat.
Mr. Glass pulled back his hand.
"I'm looking for someone.
It's a private matter."
"How long are you staying?"
"Until Tuesday."
"See that you don't stay longer."
Mr. Glass's eyes narrowed.
"I'll stay as long as I like."
"Let me make myself clear, you are not welcome here.
Your father chose to leave his family, his home and responsibilities, and run away.
He then disgraced us further by marrying a foreign girl of ill-repute."
He poked a thick finger at Mr. Glass's chest.
"And you are the embodiment of that disgrace.
We want nothing to do with you."
Mr. Glass's face darkened.
His eyes turned the color of pitch.
My blood chilled as Mr. Glass went very still.
I suddenly felt afraid for Lord Rycroft.
"I know who your mother's family are and what they've done," he went on, oblivious to the fuse he'd set alight.
"My investigators sent me newspaper clippings and reports of their crimes."
Crimes!
My gasp echoed in the ensuing silence.
I was the only one who showed surprise, however.
Mr. Glass swallowed but did not take his gaze off his uncle.
Nor did he deny the accusation.
So it was true.
I pressed my hand to my rolling stomach.
It wasn't until that moment that I realized the stupidity of what I'd done.
I was living with a criminal.
I'd never quite believed that Mr. Glass was the Dark Rideruntil now.
"Let's be clear," Lord Rycroft went on, "the estate cannot be handed over to the likes of you.
It must be against the law, somehow, or what's the good of laws in the first place?
I have my lawyers working on it. "
The hard planes of Mr. Glass's face slackened.
He blinked.
"Hand over?
_I_ am your heir?
But you have three  daughters."
"Of course you're the heir.
Stupid as well, I see."
"It's true," Miss Glass chimed in quickly.
"The estate is entailed, Matthew.
None of your female cousins will get their greedy little hands on it because you are the sole male heir, and males inherit."
At his continuing stunned look, she added, "Didn't Harry tell you?"
"No," he murmured.
Lady Rycroft sniffed into a handkerchief.
"The thought of my dear girls being tossed out of their home!
It breaks my heart."
I willed Mr. Glass to speak, but he didn't.
He glanced at me, then quickly down at the floor, off to the side, everywhere but the faces watching him.
I twisted my fingers tighter in my lap.
Lord Rycroft's grunt filled the room.
"You're not welcome here.
Good day."
He turned to go.
"Letitia, to your room.
You're forbidden to leave for a week.
Go!"
he shouted when she didn't move.
Both she and Lady Rycroft flinched.
Then she lifted her chin.
"I wish to stay with Matthew."
"Go.
To.
Your.
Room!"
Lord Rycroft roared.
His face blotched, his mouth frothed.
"I will not tolerate any more of your mad ramblings and wanderings!
Christ, woman, you're the bane of my existence."
Miss Glass's eyes filled with tears, but she continued to hold her chin high, even though it wobbled.
"I wish to live with Matthew."
"I'm not staying in London," Mr. Glass said automatically.
But his aunt didn't seem to hear him.
"I refuse to sleep here another night."
"I'll have you taken to the asylum if you continue to defy me!"
Lord Rycroft shouted.
"You're a mad old bat, and the sight of you sickens me.
It's no wonder Harry left you behind.
He couldn't stand your company either!"
Finally Miss Glass's face crumpled and her tears spilled.
The proud dame seemed to age ten years as her shoulders stooped and trembled with silent crying.
I went to her and took her hand in mine.
She rallied a little and stopped crying.
Lord Rycroft looked at me as if he'd only just noticed me.
I lifted my chin as I'd seen Miss Glass do, daring him to throw me out.
"Take your doxy with you, Glass, and leave."
"I'm not a doxy, and you are certainly not a gentleman."
I didn't know what I was saying.
Perhaps I was afflicted with madness too.
I just knew I couldn't leave Miss Glass with this bully.
"I'm not leaving without Miss Glass."
"Nor am I."
Mr. Glass held out his hand to his aunt.
She beamed up at him through her tears.
I might have smiled at him too, but he wasn't looking my way, although he did stand very close to me.
Lord Rycroft glanced between his sister and nephew.
He shook his head and grunted.
"If you leave, Letitia, do not come back.
Ever.
Go to America with him.
I don't care.
Just get out of my sight."
"Gladly."
Miss Glass took Mr. Glass's hand and tucked mine into her side.
"Come, Miss Steele.
We have a house to air out."
She turned to her sister-in- law, sitting on the sofa with a stunned expression on her tight face.
"Have my things sent to Matthew's house by the end of the day.
All of them.
I'll be counting every last trinket."
She marched out, taking me with her.
But Mr. Glass didn't follow.
"I believe you have several letters belonging to Aunt Letitia, written by my father," he said to Lord Rycroft.
"Include them in her belongings."
Lord Rycroft bristled.
"You do not give me orders in my own home!"
Mr. Glass bared his teeth.
"Then come outside, _Uncle_ , and I will order you there."
Before anyone could fully digest his words, he grasped Lord Rycroft's arm, twisted it behind his back, and hustled him toward the drawing room door.
The footman standing there came to life, proving he wasn't an automaton after all.
He gasped and his eyes bulged, but he did not move to assist his master as Mr. Glass marched his uncle into the entrance hall, as if he were ejecting a drunkard from a tavern.
I picked up my skirts and ran after them, not wanting to miss a single moment.
Behind me, Lady Rycroft ordered Miss Glass to remain behind, but light footsteps followed nevertheless.
"What are you doing?
Let me go!"
Lord Rycroft struggled to pull himself free of Mr. Glass's grip.
"Not until you promise to send the letters.
Every last one of them."
Mr. Glass shoved him forward, and Lord Rycroft stumbled.
He would have fallen if Mr. Glass hadn't still been holding his arm.
"Very well," Rycroft grumbled.
"I don't care about the bloody letters anymore.
Harry's dead.
His letters have no meaning now."
I thought Mr. Glass would punch him, but instead he let his uncle go.
He tugged on his sleeves and collar to straighten them, then held his elbow out to Miss Glass.
She took it with a smile.
He offered me his other arm, but I shook my head.
A small triangular dent appeared between his brows.
"You've turned out to be even more of a disappointment than your father," Lord Rycroft said as we exited.
"Hardly surprising considering the type of blood running through your veins.
"Pay him no mind," Miss Glass said, patting her nephew's arm.
"He's simply jealous of Harry.
Always has been and always will be."
The door slammed behind us.
Mr. Glass helped his aunt into the coach.
I stood on the pavement and glanced up at Cyclops.
His one eye watched me closely.
How much of that exchange had he seen and heard?
"Everything all right, miss?"
he asked.
I nodded and smiled, yet I didn't climb into the carriage.
Mr. Glass held his hand out to me.
"Miss Steele?"
I stared at his outstretched hand.
It withered and closed upon my scrutiny.
He dropped it to his side.
"You have something to say?"
he said to me.
My things were at his house.
All my worldly possessions were in one of his rooms.
I could forgo the clothing, but not my tools or the daguerreotype of my parents.
Surely he wouldn't harm me.
I was no threat to him.
Indeed, I was helping him.
If he'd wanted to attack me, he could have done so last night in the kitchen.
I made up my mind to go with him and do my best to simply perform the duty he asked of me.
I abandoned the idea of notifying the police and collecting the reward.
I valued my life more than money.
"No."
I held out my hand for him and he took it.
"I have nothing to say."
His fingers momentarily pressed mine, then he let me go.
As he folded up the step, I could swear I heard him sigh.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
Willie was not pleased to have another Englishwoman in the house.
"You're a damn fool, Matt!"
She paced across the entrance hall tiles and back again to wag her finger at her cousin.
Some of her hair had come loose from its knot and she looked like a madwoman.
I resolved to steer clear of her.
Of the lot of them.
Miss Glass had no such qualms.
She patted her nephew's cheek.
"But a sweet fool.
I knew you would be.
You're your father's son, and so like my own dear mama too."
Willie snorted.
Duke jabbed her in the ribs with his elbow and hissed at her to be quiet.
She jabbed him back.
"She was always rescuing poor helpless creatures," Miss Glass went on.
"Helpless?"
Willie echoed.
"Ha!"
Miss Glass ignored her.
"She used to wander in the woods on the estate, singing and talking to the birds."
"She sounds more like _you_ ," Willie grumbled, which she followed up with an "Ouch," when Duke once again elbowed her.
I did have to agree with her.
The late Dowager Lady Rycroft sounded as mad as her daughter.
But there was no harm in Miss Glass.
Looking at her now, with a dreamy emptiness in her eyes, it was impossible to reconcile her with the woman we'd met on the doorstep, accusing Mr. Glass of house stealing.
First appearances were definitely deceiving in some cases.
Her nephew had something in common with her there, but little else.
"Willie, see that my aunt is made comfortable while Duke prepares a room for her," he said.
"Me?"
Willie placed her hands on her hips.
"Why me?
Why can't she?"
She nodded at me.
"Miss Steele is coming with me.
We've got a lead on Chronos."
Willie's anger immediately dissolved.
"Then what are you waiting for?
Go!"
She shooed us both, but I stood my ground.
"You don't need me," I told Mr. Glass.
"Cyclops can find the Aged Christian Society on his own, and you don't need me to talk to Mr.
Mirth."
He searched my face, and that small triangular dent at the bridge of his nose appeared again.
"I would like the company."
"I'm sure my company's far too dull for someone like you."
I turned to Duke.
"I'll assist you with Miss Glass's room."
Duke and I headed up the stairs.
The front door didn't close until we were on the first floor landing.
Miss Glass's room was situated next to mine.
I opened the window to allow some of the crisp afternoon air in and to blow out the stale.
Duke opened wardrobe doors to do the same, then we both searched high and low for linen.
"Must be downstairs," he said, giving up.
"I'll get it.
I need to stretch my legs."
"Servant door's in the corridor wall opposite."
I found the hidden door easily enough and made my way quickly downstairs.
The service area ran the length of the house below street level.
The kitchen was the largest room, with a pantry and scullery off it.
Signs of the evening meal preparations covered the central table, but the small dining and sitting rooms looked untouched, as did the butler's and housekeeper's offices.
I found the linen press, but the sheets were stored at the top.
I stepped on a lower shelf, but my weight tipped the entire cupboard forward.
I jumped down and managed to keep the whole thing from toppling on me, but a flat box slid off the very top and crashed to the floor.
It missed me by mere inches.
I righted the press and bent to pick up the box.
No, not a box, a case with brass clasps that had sprung open.
The case's contents spilled onto the floor.
I bent to gather up the sheets of paper, but froze.
A picture of a bushy browed man stared back at me, his face a map of scars.
He looked about thirty or so, but it was difficult to tell from the picture.
The word WANTED in bold, blocky type labeled the fellow an American outlaw.
He was worth five hundred dollars, dead or alive.
But it wasn't the amount or the face that had my heart stopping.
It was the name.
Bill Johnson.
Johnson was Willie's name.
This man was a member of Mr. Glass's family.
According to the poster, Bill Johnson was wanted for robbing a general store.
Each of the twelve sheets of paper was a poster showing different outlaws wanted for crimes committed in various American states and territories.
Three bore the name Johnson.
One was the Dark Rider, the man from the newspaper article I'd read.
The sketch was the same.
His face wasn't clearly shown thanks to the beard and hat.
According to the poster, he was considered extremely dangerous.
My hands shook as I replaced the papers back in the case.
I stood on a chair to return it to the top of the cupboard, then hurried back up the stairs with my arms full of clean linen.
Duke and I finished making up the bedroom, and I joined Miss Glass in the drawing room while he disappeared into the kitchen to prepare dinner.
Miss Glass dozed by the window so I sat and read quietly.
Or tried to.
It wasn't easy with my mind wandering back to those posters of outlaws with their grizzly faces and cold eyes.
And then there was the Dark Rider, the man no one had seen properly.
His value had been the highest of the lot.
Mr. Glass returned earlier than I expected.
When I heard the front door, I sat forward on the chair, my heart in my throat; not from apprehension at seeing him again but because I was eager to find out what he'd learned from Mr.
Mirth.
That surprised me.
I ought to be more afraid of him.
Nobody met him at the door and he came immediately to the drawing room.
He glanced at his aunt's sleeping form then at me.
I arched my brows and he shook his head.
At my frown, he indicated I should follow him back out to the entrance hall.
I hesitated then went after him.
Duke and Willie emerged from the rear of the house so I hung back near the staircase.
"Well?"
Willie asked.
"What did Mirth say?"
"He wasn't there," Mr. Glass said heavily.
"Not there?"
Duke said.
"Where is he?"
"He left a few days ago.
He simply walked out of the facility and nobody knows where he went."
"He left!"
Willie shouted.
Mr. Glass shushed her with a glance back at the drawing room.
Willie made a rude gesture in the same direction.
"He can't just leave.
Isn't that the point of that place?
The inmates are too old to care for themselves?"
"They're not inmates," Mr. Glass said.
"It's a charitable institution for the aged, and there's no obligation for anyone to remain.
If the patient feels well enough to leave, or a family member collects them, they can go."
"God damn," Willie muttered.
"I hate this country."
"It's hardly England's fault," Mr. Glass told her.
Willie folded her arms and turned away.
Her spine curved and she lowered her head.
"Don't you go all teary on me."
Mr. Glass rested a hand on her shoulder.
She shook it off then suddenly turned and threw herself into his arms.
Fortunately he was strong enough to catch her.
If it had been me, I would have landed on my rear beneath her.
He held her a moment, until she composed herself and stepped back.
"Enough of this sentimental claptrap," she declared.
"We'll find this Mirth fellow."
She suddenly looked at me.
Despite her watery eyes, the gaze was as sharp as a blade.
"She'll find him."
She marched over to me and stabbed a finger into my shoulder.
"You'd better, Miss Steele.
If you don't, I'llmake you regret it."
They were just words.
Easy enough to say, difficult to believe.
But Willie's anger wasn't something I wanted to stoke.
"Willie," Mr. Glass chided.
"Goddamn it, woman!"
Duke marched over and grabbed Willie by the elbow.
"You're a damn fool.
Threatening her won't help."
"Paying her isn't doing anything!"
Willie pulled free then ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
Duke shook his head and left too.
Mr. Glass gave me a flat smile.
"My apologies for my cousin's behavior.
She can get emotional at times."
"Over a watchmaker, no less."
"It's a special watch."
"So you keep saying."
I waited for him to tell me about his special rejuvenating watch, but he didn't.
"Will we resume our search this afternoon then?"
He leaned back against the newel post.
"It's late.
We'll resume tomorrow."
His gaze wandered past my shoulder.
"Harry, dearest, you're back," Miss Glass said.
"How was your journey?"
Mr. Glass sighed.
"I'm Matthew, not Harry.
Have you settled in, Aunt?"
"I'm quite settled, thank you.
I do think I'm going to like it here, despite your strange cousin and that other gruff fellow.
At least I have Miss Steele as a companion."
"Good," he said, once again glancing at me.
"But it's only for a few days.
I'll be returning to America on Tuesday."
She waved her hand and headed up the stairs.
"Come, Miss Steele, and play the piano for me.
This house needs music."
I went to follow her, but Mr. Glass stopped me with a hand on my arm.
"She likes you, Miss Steele," he murmured, his face close to mine.
"Try to make her see that this arrangement is only temporary."
"I'll do my best.
Perhaps it will help if she knew what was to become of her after you leave.
Her brother has forbidden her to return to his house."
"She's not going back there," he growled low.
"Not while I live."
I nodded in agreement.
"But she does need to go somewhere."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
A loud bang woke me up.
It was very dark, and I could only make out outlines of the furniture in my room.
Someone shouted from the depths of the house, too far away to make out their words.
I jumped out of bed, hitting my knee on the nightstand, and fumbled for the candlestick and matches.
Another bang echoed through the house, shaking the walls and setting my heart pounding.
It wasn't just any bang; it was a gunshot.
Then Miss Glass screamed.
* Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 # Chapter 9
I abandoned my attempts to light the candle and ran from the room.
My shoulder smacked into the doorframe, but I ignored the pain and raced to Miss Glass's room.
The house was filled with shouts and footsteps, and the sound of my own heartbeat echoed in my ears.
"Miss Glass!"
I didn't wait for a response, just pushed open her bedroom door.
She screamed again, but quieted when I assured her it was only me.
I could just make out her shape sitting up in bed, the covers pulled to her chin.
"Miss Steele!
Thank goodness.
What was that noise?"
"A gunshot, I think."
I sat on the bed and clasped her shoulders.
She shook violently.
"Are you all right?"
"II think so?"
"Aunt Letitia!"
Mr. Glass burst into the room.
Even in the dark, he filled the space with his presence.
"Miss Steele?
I heard screaming."
"That was me," Miss Glass said, crisply.
"Matthew, someone is shooting inside the house!"
He crouched by the bed near where I sat.
He wore only trousers, and was entirely naked from the waist up.
I swallowed and tried not to stare, but I failed miserably.
Even in the dark, I could see the straps of muscle across his shoulders and down his arms.
Muscles like that didn't appear on the bodies of idle gentlemen.
They came from hard work.
Or fighting.
I tried to lean forward to see his chest.
He caught me and righted me.
"Miss Steele?
What's wrong?"
His hands explored my arms, up to my shoulders and neck.
They were warm and strong as they searched me for injuries.
"Are you hurt?"
I drew in a breath to steady my jangling nerves.
"I, er, that is, we're unharmed.
What's happening?"
"I don't yet know."
He let me go, stood, and strode out the door, leaving me with a heart beating harder than ever and nerves stretched to their limit.
My skin felt warm where he'd touched me.
I stood too.
"Don't go out there."
Miss Glass caught my hand.
"Wait for Matthew to return."
The shouting had ended, and calm voices filtered to us through the still house.
"The danger, if there was one, seems to have passed.
I'll return in a moment."
I lit a candle and headed downstairs.
Raised voices filtered up from the service rooms, so I made my way to the kitchen.
Willie's voice reached me before I saw her. "
_You_ didn't lock up.
It ain't my  fault."
"I left the door open for you!"
Duke snapped.
"Did you take a key?
No, you did not," he answered for her.
"If you hadn't gone out, Willie, this wouldn't have happened."
"If I hadn't shot at him, you would all be dead in your beds!
I scared him off, good and proper."
"You almost committed murder on English soil," Mr. Glass growled.
"What was I supposed to do?
Wait for him to shoot me first?"
"Was he armed?"
Cyclops asked.
"How should I know?"
Willie said with a pout in her voice.
"It was dark."
Nobody had a response to that, and I deemed it a good time to make my presence known.
"Is anyone hurt?"
I asked, stepping into the kitchen.
A hissing gas lamp on the table illuminated their faces and the gun in Willie's hand.
It also illuminated Mr. Glass's chest.
I kept my gaze averted with some difficulty.
"We're all unharmed," he said.
"How long have you been standing there?"
Willie asked.
"Long enough to hear there was an intruder," I said.
"What did he want?"
I counted three whole seconds before anyone responded.
"Money, perhaps," Mr. Glass said.
"Silver."
"I didn't stop to chat with him."
Willie thrust the gun into the waistband of her trousers.
The flap of her jacket hid it from view.
Did she go out with the gun every night?
Did she wear it during the day around the house?
I swallowed heavily.
"Did you hit him?"
"Would have, if it weren't so dark."
"And he wasn't so fast," Duke sneered.
"Or it wasn't a Thursday in London and you hadn't eaten beef for dinner.
You missed, One Shot Willie.
You've lost your touch."
"Shut your mouth," Willie snapped.
"You're lucky I came home when I did."
I shivered, suddenly aware that I was standing in the kitchen in nothing more than a nightgown.
"Surely not.
Burglary is one thing, but murder is entirely another.
He wouldn't have harmed any of us."
The heavy silence blanketed us until Cyclops lifted it with a hearty, "I'm going back to bed."
Like Mr. Glass, he wore no shirt.
It wasn't until he walked off that I saw the scars crossing his back.
There was at least a dozen, all old.
"Goodnight, Miss Steele.
Hope you can sleep after this ruckus."
"Goodnight, Cyclops."
"We should all return to bed," Mr. Glass said, dragging his hand through his hair and down the back of his neck.
"Duke, make sure _all_ the doors are secure  now."
Duke didn't respond.
He was too busy staring at my chest.
It would seem I wasn't the only one who'd become aware that I wore only a nightgown.
Thank goodness the lamp didn't cast enough light to reach my hot face or show the outline of my figure through the thin cotton.
At least, I hoped not.
Willie smacked Duke's arm.
He cleared his throat.
"Right.
Doors and locks.
Doing it now."
He hurried off, taking the lamp with him, leaving my candle as our only light.
"Goodnight, Willie," Mr. Glass said.
"I'm not leaving you here alone with her," Willie said, folding her arms.
"Miss Steele is perfectly safe with me."
"It's not her I'm worried about."
He gave her a little shove and a stern, "Goodnight, Willie."
She grunted and stormed off.
"I ought to return to bed too," I said, edging away.
"I'll look in on your aunt as I pass."
"Take her a cup of chocolate."
He plucked a copper pot off its hook and disappeared into the pantry.
He reappeared moments later with the pot half full of milk and a jar of honey in hand.
He set them down and fetched a bag of sugar, chocolate and implements.
"You know how to make it?"
I asked.
He laughed.
It was so odd hearing the sound after such a trying day and evening.
"Of course.
I'll make you some."
I settled on the stool by the table and tried not to watch him as he stoked the fire in the stove to life, but I gave up.
It was impossible.
He was right there in front of me.
No woman could look away when she was presented with such a fine masculine specimen.
I'd never seen so many muscles before.
Never seen a half naked man before.
It was quite an, er, education.
He was completely unconcerned about the damage his lack of attire could do to my virtue.
Perhaps Americans weren't as troubled by propriety as we British.
If that were the case, there was no need to feel guilty for staring.
"I want to apologize for my cousin's behavior," he said dripping a dollop of honey into the milk.
"Again."
"She's very loyal to you."
He spooned in some sugar and stirred the contents.
"Willie's got a good heart.
It's difficult to find beneath all those prickles, but it's there.
We've been through a lot together, and she worries about me as much as I worry about her."
"Why does she need to worry about you?
You seem quite capable of taking care of yourself."
All those muscles explained how he'd fought off those three brutes.
Clearly he knew how to use them effectively.
"Aside from your occasional bouts of illness, that is."
His stirring slowed, his attention focused on the task.
When the milk began to simmer, he shaved off flakes of chocolate into the pot with a knife and whisked it into a froth.
I fetched cups and a chocolate pot from a shelf.
He poured the chocolate into two cups and the pot.
The pot and a spare cup he set aside, and handed one of the full cups to me.
He indicated I should sit opposite on the stool.
I did and looked up.
His cheeks flushed and his gaze plunged to his cup.
I crossed my arms over my chest, hoping I didn't push up my bust more.
"I know why you asked me to remain."
"I very much doubt that you do, Miss Steele."
He swallowed loudly and rubbed a hand over his face.
I suspected he was tired, but at least he didn't look exhausted to the point of illness.
"Then why?"
He set his cup down on the table and placed his palms flat on either side of it.
He drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"I asked you to stay back because I need to talk to you."
Finally, he would explain about his mysterious illness and the watch!
"I think it's best if you leave tomorrow."
"Pardon?"
"I'm severing our arrangement."
No.
He wouldn't.
Surely he knew how much I needed employment, and somewhere to live for a few days.
Surely he saw that I had nothing and nowhere to go.
"Butyou can't!
You've paid me in advance."
"Keep the money.
But you can't stay here.
It's too dangerous."
My heart sank to the pit of my stomach.
"Because of one intruder?"
He continued to avoid looking at me.
"It wasn't merely a burglar, was it?"
I prompted.
"You can go back to the Masons," he said quickly.
"Or secure new lodgings tomorrow.
You'll find other employment soon enough too, I'm certain of it.
You're a remarkable woman and"
I stood abruptly.
The stool's feet scraped on the flagstone floor.
He finally met my gaze, but I found I could no longer meet his.
It was all I could do to hold myself together and not burst into tears at the hopelessness of it all, at the heavy weight once again settling on my shoulders, trying to push me down into the floor.
He stood too.
"Say something, Miss Steele.
You can shout if you like.
In fact, I wish you would."
"What of your aunt?"
He blinked.
"You have no home to go to, yet you're worried about Aunt Letitia?"
"I am employable, Mr. Glass.
I haven't had much luck yet, but it will turn soon.
There must be a shopkeeper in London in need of an assistant.
But your aunt is vulnerable.
I doubt she can look after herself properly.
I wouldn't want her to return to her brother's house when you leave."
"She won't."
"Does she have other relatives?
Friends?"
"None that I know of."
He pressed his knuckles on the table and lowered his head between his shoulders.
I waited, but I wasn't really sure what for.
I knew I ought to take Miss Glass her chocolate, but something kept me rooted to the spot.
"Damn it!"
he finally growled.
"You can't stay here, Miss Steele.
Don't you understand?
It's enough that I have the welfare of Cyclops, Willie and Duke on my hands.
They can at least defend themselves."
"Tell me about the intruder."
"It's better for you if you don't know too much."
"You're deciding what's best for me now?"
"I'm deciding what's safest for you, yes."
"I do wish you wouldn't treat me like a child or a simpleton.
I'm neither."
"I'm very aware of that."
His dark lashes lifted, casting shadows over his eyes as he watched me for a long time.
I bore it with what I hoped was defiance, while everything inside me wanted to shrivel up.
I was about to be cast out on my ownagainwithout employment or accommodation.
Living with outlaws suddenly seemed the lesser of two evils.
I wanted to stay, very much.
"Please don't do this," I said simply.
"Damn," he said on a sigh.
"You're very persuasive."
I was?
"Do you still sleep with that knife?"
he asked.
"Yes."
"Continue to do so.
You can stay until Tuesday.
My aunt too.
I'll consider what to do with her in the meantime."
He picked up our empty cups and stalked into the scullery.
"Goodnight, Miss Steele."
"Goodnight, Mr.
Glass."
I left the kitchen with the chocolate pot and cup.
My heart was still hammering by the time I reached Miss Glass's room.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
Mr. Glass, Duke, Willie and Cyclops went out after breakfast, and it had nothing to do with finding Mr.
Mirth, so I was informed.
They wouldn't tell me where they were going, but I suspected it concerned the intruder Willie had shot at.
I spent the morning getting to know Miss Glass better as two charwomen worked in the other rooms.
Indeed, I found her eager to discuss her family, and it took little prompting from me to discover her father had been just as horrid as her older brother.
The free-spirited and kind-hearted Harry, the youngest of three siblings, had left the country as soon as he reached his majority.
"He asked me to go with him," she said with a sad smile.
"He pleaded with me, in fact.
Mama had passed by that time, and Harry was everything to me.
I gave it some serious thought, but decided to remain here.
Having his spinster sister trail along would have stifled him.
He needed to be free more than he needed to breathe.
Father and Richard had been so cruel, always telling him he was worthless.
As the younger brother, he inherited nothing and had to find his own way in the world.
Father wanted him to become a lawyer, but working in an office would have slowly killed Harry's spirit.
So he escaped and never came back."
"Was your father angry?"
"Terribly.
He flew into a rage after he discovered Harry had left.
I was the only one he told, you see, and I kept the secret until after his ship departed."
"Where did Harry go?"
"Everywhere.
He traveled to exotic landsEgypt, Turkey, Russia, all over the Orient, Canada and America.
He had a small annuity from our mother that funded his travels.
She left him this house too, but he never let it out.
He may have worked, but his letters never mentioned such things."
Perhaps because he knew his sister thought such things vulgar.
"He met his wife in America?"
"Charlotte."
She folded her hands over her lap where one of Harry's letters lay open.
They'd been delivered to the house, along with her belongings, the previous evening.
"He adored her.
I could tell from his writing that he thought the world of her.
But he never wrote about her family and friends.
It seems Richard had one of those Pinkerton detectives find out more, but he didn't confide what he'd learned to me.
All I knew was that he considered her beneath us."
I didn't remind her that Lord Rycroft accused Charlotte's family of being criminals or mention that my own investigation confirmed it.
Nor did I tell her that both Harry and Matthew had probably joined in with the Johnsons criminal ways.
How else could Harry and Charlotte have funded their travels?
How else could they have afforded a good education for Matthew?
For he was certainly a well-bred, intelligent man.
"Matthew was born nine months after they married."
She picked up the letter in her lap and smiled as she scanned the page.
"This one was sent from Zurich."
She pointed to another, folded on the table.
"That one from Venice.
They went everywhere.
Matthew was a well-traveled little boy."
"Until he returned to America when he was fifteen."
Her face darkened.
Her lashes lowered.
"I wish I'd seen Harry one last time before he died.
I wish I'd known Charlotte, and met Matthew when he was a boy.
He's a fine man, isn't he, Miss Steele?
A handsome, strong man."
"He's certainly that."
"Kind too.
So like his father."
She sighed and closed her eyes.
I thought she'd fallen asleep, but she opened them again with a start.
"Ring for tea, please, Beatrice."
"I'm India," I said gently.
"Not Beatrice."
"Yes, of course you are.
Beatrice has a face like a sour hound, but you're so pretty, Miss Steele."
"Please, call me India.
I'll fetch some tea."
"Matthew ought to engage servants," she said, unfolding another letter.
"He says he's not staying long, so servants aren't required.
He uses charwomen.
They're here now."
"I wish you would stop saying he's leaving when he's not."
I pressed my lips together.
Disagreeing would only upset her, and it was her nephew's place to disappoint her in this matter, not mine.
"That's one thing I will miss about Richard's home," she said, spreading the letter on her lap.
"What is?"
"My maid.
I must offer her a position here."
I left to make tea.
Maids were not my area of expertise.
The mail slot in the front door squeaked and a letter dropped through by the postman.
It bore an American stamp, but there was no return address on the back.
I deposited it on the hall table, but its presence bothered me for the rest of the morning.
I handed it to Mr. Glass upon his return in the late afternoon.
I expected him to look tired and pained, since he hadn't come home for luncheon, but he seemed to be in sturdy health.
He must have taken the glowing watch with him this time, as he had done that first day I'd met him at myEddie'sshop.
Perhaps he'd been worried that I would see it on his person and left it at home when we searched for Chronos together.
I was glad to see him looking healthy.
Illness didn't suit him at all.
"This arrived for you," I said.
"Did you have any luck?"
"With what, Miss Steele?"
he asked, checking the envelope.
"With finding the intruder."
He glanced up.
"What makes you think we were looking for him?"
I arched my brows.
He grunted.
"All is well.
Please don't alarm yourself.
I won't see any harm come to you or my aunt while you're under my protection."
It was quite a noble little speech, and it rendered me senseless for a moment.
It had been some time since Father had been capable of protecting me, and for the last few years, I was the one taking care of him.
I wasn't sure how to react to Mr. Glass's reassurance.
"Is my aunt well?"
he asked.
"She is."
I cleared my throat.
"You'll also find there is a new addition to the household."
"Who?"
"Her ladies maid.
Miss Glass reinstated her this afternoon.
She assures me her wages will be paid from her own funds."
"Money isn't a problem," he said absently, tearing open the envelope.
His face hardened as he read, then re-read, the letter.
"Excuse me."
He left before I could ask him about our search for Mirth.
Miss Glass had retired for an afternoon nap and I found myself at a loose end.
I'd already fixed the dining room clock, so decided to inspect the others in the house.
The long case clock was in good working order, so I simply dusted out the housing and moved on to the other timepieces I'd spotted in other rooms.
The brass Rococo in the music room simply required winding, and the lovely four glass clock in the drawing room was in perfect working order.
I pulled out its mechanisms anyway to clean them, simply for something to do and to admire such fine workmanship.
Tears sprang to my eyes as I set all the pieces back into place again.
I might never work with clocks and watches again, never get to admire the fine craftsmanship that went into them, or the precise cohesion of the many parts to make something both beautiful and functional.
I allowed my mind to wander as I worked and simply _feel_ instead.
I don't know how long I spent on that clock, but I was woken from my trance- like state by the loud whispers of Willie and Duke coming from beyond the door.
"Why can't you do as you're told for once?"
Duke hissed.
"You should know me better by now."
Willie sounded huffy, but not angry.
"I do as I please, and what I want to do is go out tonight."
"Stay home."
"No."
"Willie" Duke growled.
"It's dangerous.
He's out there."
"He's got no argument with me, and you can stop giving me orders.
You ain't nothing to me."
She stormed into the drawing room, only to stop short when she saw me.
"How much of that did you hear?"
I glanced past her, but Duke hadn't followed.
"Most of it.
But don't worry.
I don't care about your squabbles with Duke, or anyone else for that matter."
She came to stand beside me and inspected the clock, although I suspected she wasn't really taking much notice.
"I don't like being dictated to by him.
Or by any man."
"Do you mean to say we actually agree on something?"
She smirked.
"I know why I think like that, but why do you?
I thought you liked your pa."
"I did.
My former fianc, however, is another matter.
If I learned one thing from my time with Eddie, it's that I didn't like the person I became when I was with him."
She sat down and rested her elbows on her knees.
"Go on."
"I know now that I wasn't myself when I was engaged to Eddie.
I was trying to be an ideal version of womanhood to make him like me.
I haven't had all that much luck with men, you see, and Eddie made me feel special.
I didn't want to lose him because I voiced an opinion he didn't agree with."
I didn't know why I wanted Willie to understand something so personal about myself, something I had only just begun to realize.
Perhaps because we were both women around the same age, or perhaps because I knew she would applaud me rather than condemn me.
I may be considered forthright but she was ten times more so.
Besides, simply saying the words out loud was cathartic.
"You stopped being yourself, you mean," she said quietly.
I nodded.
"I thought it would help keep Eddie.
I was wrong.
Not only did I lose him anyway, I almost lost myself too.
_That_ was much  worse."
She leaned back and crossed one leg over the other.
She regarded me with a frown on her brow but a smile on her lips.
"I hate men too."
"I don't hate men.
Just Eddie.
My attitude toward them is different now, though.
I won't go throwing myself at the next man who shows some interest in me."
Not that I expected any interest now.
"You don't know men like I do, Miss Steele."
"Call me India."
"You don't know men, India."
Her smile vanished altogether and the frown took over her entire face, tugging at her mouth, shadowing her eyes.
"I pray you never do."
I wanted to reach out and touch her hand in sympathy, but I suspected she wouldn't like me to, so I simply nodded.
"Excepting Matt, of course.
He's a good man, despite" She waved a hand, as if I should know what she meant.
I waited, but she didn't elaborate.
"And Duke and Cyclops?"
She merely lifted one shoulder.
"I don't know them like I know Matt."
It would have been the perfect time to ask her for information about him, but I was worried it might be too soon and she'd push me away again.
I liked that she was no longer resentful of me.
"Come with me tonight, India," she said suddenly.
"Let me show you what a woman can do when she has a mind to do it."
"Go where?"
"There's a gathering of card players above a shop in Jermyn Street."
"A gambling den?"
"I'll teach you to play like a man and how not to be one of them silly, simpering females."
"I don't think I'm either silly or simpering, thank you."
She rolled her eyes.
"You'll see how men treat you different when they know you're not helpless.
Come with me.
I would like some company."
"Why not take Duke with you?"
She pulled a face.
"Good company.
Well?
Are you brave enough?"
I laughed.
"I won't fall for your baiting.
Let me think about it.
I'll give you my answer later."
She left and I finished putting the clock back together, my mind on Willie's offer.
Going to a gambling den wasn't something I would ever have contemplated until now.
But I could do it.
What was to stop me?
Surely she wouldn't go if there was a chance of encountering danger.
It sounded like a thrilling idea and not at all something the old me would have done.
I had always done the proper thing, but now I felt like I'd woken up from a fog.
I wanted to try new things.
Yet years of cautious behavior and a gentle upbringing made me hesitate.
I warred with myself for the rest of the afternoon.
I was only distracted by the deep rumbling of Mr. Glass's voice as I checked the clock on the half table near the door to his rooms.
"According to Jem's letter," he said to someone with him, "Sheriff Payne knows we're here."
Duke and Willie both swore.
"How did he find out?"
Duke asked.
"If my little brother told him, I'll gut him," Willie snarled.
"Jem doesn't say how the sheriff found out," Mr. Glass said, "only that he came to the house and demanded to know when we'd left."
"It won't be Jem's fault," came Cyclops's resonant voice.
"It's more likely someone who wants Matt out of the way."
"That narrows it down."
Willie's voice dripped with sarcasm.
"Someone who also knows the sheriff wants me, dead or alive," Matt said.
_Wanted, dead or alive_.
Those were the words on the poster of the Dark Rider.
I pressed a hand to my stomach and tried to catch my breath but my corset was too tight.
I felt sick.
A _sheriff_ was after Matt.
Then he _must_ be the Dark Rider.
"He don't want you alive, Matt," Duke said heavily.
"In a coffin is the only way Sheriff Payne will take you home."
They fell silent and I crept away from the door, abandoning the clock.
I ran to my rooms and locked the door behind me.
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 # Chapter 10
I didn't come out of my room until the dinner gong sounded.
Not joining the others would have seemed suspicious, so I decided to act as normally as possible but I found it difficult to look anyone in the eye.
Fortunately Willie and Cyclops were distracted by Miss Glass's grand entrance alongside me.
She'd decided to dress in a gown more suited to dinner with royalty.
The silver thread through the dark gray silk shone in the candlelight, and the pearls at her throat and in her hair only drove home to me that I was in the presence of aristocracy.
Me, a humble watchmaker's daughter.
"Miss Steele?"
Mr. Glass's firm hand on my elbow caught me by surprise.
"May I escort you to your seat?"
"Thank you."
He folded my fingers over his arm and trapped them there with his own hand.
"Are you unwell?"
"No."
He bent his head toward mine.
He smelled like spices and lavender, an intriguing combination that set my heart racing.
"You look a little pale and you've been in your room most of the afternoon."
"Sometimes I like to be alone."
"So you weren't avoiding me?"
My heart rose to my throat.
"Why would I avoid you?"
He pulled out the chair for me.
"Because you believe me to be insincere.
I would hazard a guess that you think me ungentlemanly too."
His hand felt heavy on mine but not unpleasantly so.
"You _are_ a gentleman, Mr. Glass.
Your grandfather was a baron, no  less."
"I hope I'm more gentlemanly than he was."
One side of his mouth kicked up.
"And please, don't hold my connections against me.
I can't choose my family, but I do choose my friends very carefully."
His breath ruffled my hair near my ear.
"I hope you will be one of them."
Heat crept up my throat and touched my cheeks.
His smile widened.
He _knew_ what effect his charm had on me, and that unsettled me more.
"Mr. Glass, in all honesty, I don't know what to make of you.
My thoughts swing from one direction to the other every hour of the day, even when you're not present."
He suddenly grinned.
"I'm glad to know that you think of me that often."
I sucked in a steadying breath.
Despite my determination to remain calm, it sounded ragged.
"Mr. Glass, are you flirting with me?"
"Is that a crime?"
"Some would say it is, since you plan on leaving England in a few days time.
Besides, haven't we already established that you're insincere?"
The muscles in his arm tightened.
He let me go.
"My apologies, Miss Steele.
I don't know what I was thinking."
He strode off to the other side of the table and didn't look at me again.
By the end of dinner I felt hot and my nerves frayed, and I didn't know why.
He'd done exactly what I'd wanted and ended his flirtations, as a decent mana _gentleman_ ought to have done.
So why did part of me wish he hadn't?
I couldn't sit still afterward in the library as I tried to read by the lamplight, so when Willie found me and asked if I was going to join her for cards, I agreed without hesitation.
I needed to _do_ something.
A small voice told me I was being reckless, but I ignored it.
I _wanted_ to be reckless tonight.
Hopefully a little adventure would put an end to my  restlessness.
"India is coming out with me," Willie announced to Mr. Glass after his aunt retired to her room.
He lowered his brandy glass very slowly and deliberately.
"India?
What happened to Miss Steele?"
"She said I could call her India, so I will."
Willie crossed her arms over her chest.
"I did," I said, although they seemed to have forgotten I was there.
We three were alone in the drawing room where Willie and I found Mr. Glass reading the newspaper.
Duke and Cyclops were nowhere to be seen.
"Miss Steele, would you mind stepping outside for a moment?
I need to speak with Willie alone."
I agreed, since I planned on listening in anyway.
He shot me a hard smile then shut the door on me.
I placed my ear to it and listened to Mr. Glass rant at his cousin.
"You are _not_ taking her with you, " he growled.
"She's quite capable of making up her own mind," Willie retorted.
"We're both grown women."
"Grown women are as capable of getting themselves into trouble as girls."
"We're neither of us silly, Matt.
If we sense danger, we'll leave."
A moment's silence followed in which I thought she'd won the argument already.
Then he said, "I forbid it.
She's not like you.
She's notworldly."
"She damn well is, and if you can't see it then you're not looking hard enough."
"Worldly isn't the right word."
A floorboard creaked and footsteps tapped before the floor creaked again.
He paced across the room.
"You're going into a room full of men.
Men who will be drinking and flush with money."
"Not after I fleece them."
"Willie!
Listen to me.
Miss Steele is an innocent."
"No, Matt, she isn't."
"She is, damn it!"
His vehemence surprised and confused me.
Why was he being so fierce with Willie over this?
"She presents herself as confident and resilient, but she's not.
She's vulnerable and too trusting.
You and I both know those are the qualities of an easy target."
I stumbled away from the door, tears stinging my eyes.
I wasn't sure what hurt more, that he thought I was weak and pathetic or that he pitied me.
Perhaps he was right and I _was_ the woman he described.
I had trusted him in the beginning, after all.
But I no longer wanted to be that person.
I didn't want to be taken advantage of ever again.
Eddie had taught me the error of blind trust.
Nor would I be spoken about in such a manner.
Mr. Glass didn't know  me.
I burst through the doors and stormed up to him.
"You are very much mistaken, Mr. Glass.
I am not easy, nor am I a target, as you put it."
He caught my arm as I moved away, pinning me against him.
We were so close he must be able to feel my heart beating through his body.
His dark eyes swirled like thunderous skies as they held me as thoroughly as his grip.
"You shouldn't listen at doors, Miss Steele.
It's not polite."
"I think we are well past being polite to one another, don't you?"
"Yes," he murmured.
He lowered his face until it was only inches above mine.
My heart almost jumped out of my chest.
"Politeness be damned."
Willie cleared her throat.
Next thing I knew, she'd grasped my hand and I was being dragged out of the drawing room.
"Don't wait up," she called out to her cousin.
"You need your rest."
I glanced back at him.
He stood as rigid as a statue, his severe gaze on me as if he could will me to remain behind with just his glare alone.
I smiled and waved at him.
"Be home by one," he snapped.
"Two," Willie said, already halfway out.
" _One_. "
"Yes, Pa," Willie mocked.
To me, she said, "We'll stay out 'til three, eh?"
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
"Watch and listen, but don't talk," said Willie as we approached a boot maker's shop on Jermyn Street.
"Don't utter a sound, frown, smile, or try to signal me in any way, even if you think I have the winning or losing hand."
"How do I know what a winning or losing hand is?"
"Don't roll your eyes, raise your brows, or chew your lip or the inside of your cheek."
"May I breathe?"
"If you must, but not huffily."
My gaze slid to her, but it was difficult to see if she was being serious in the glow cast by the streetlamps.
While the lighting here was better than most streets, it still wasn't enough to cut through the thickening fog.
I pulled my coat closed at my throat, but the chill settled into my bones anyway.
It hadn't been a long walk from Park Street and the area was the best in London, but I jumped at every sound.
The rumble of passing carriages and _tap tap_ of footsteps were eerily disembodied in the dense air, like ghostly beings passing by.
Willie seemed perfectly composed as she led the way to the Jermyn Street  shops.
"Do you need new boots?"
I asked as she knocked on the door of the boot maker's shop.
"This is the place," she announced.
"It doesn't look like a gambling hell.
It looks like an ordinary shop."
"That's because it is, during the day.
At night, the proprietor operates tables upstairs."
A thick-necked man with a small mouth opened the door, nodded at Willie then stared at me.
I smiled and bobbed a curtsy.
He continued to stare.
With a click of her tongue, Willie said, "Anyone would think you ain't never seen a woman before, Pinch."
"Not here, I ain't," he said.
"Oi!"
"You don't count."
She wove around the displays of shoes and boots to a door at the rear of the shop where the scent of leather was stronger.
She pulled on a shiny brass bell and a clang responded from somewhere upstairs before another fellow opened the door.
I turned back to see the first porter still staring at us.
I hazarded a smile and, to my surprise, he smiled back.
The second porter didn't acknowledge us in any way.
He was even burlier than the previous man.
His jacket stretched over shoulders as large as boulders, and even his eyelids were thick with muscle.
He took my presence in his stride and stepped aside so we could pass and climb the staircase, at the top of which was another door, reinforced with iron panels.
A small lamp hung from a hook beside it, barely illuminating the top step.
I had to feel my way up and take care not to trip.
Masculine voices filtered out to us from the room beyond, mostly quiet but twice cut through by a raucous laugh.
I pressed my hand to my roiling stomach.
It was too late to back down now.
Willie was unlikely to walk home with me and the thought of traipsing through the dark streets alone made me feel even sicker.
"Where did you learn about this place?"
I whispered as Willie knocked.
"If you splash your money around at the hotels near the railway stations, someone flash will approach and tell you about a nice, friendly place where you can drink with his friends and enjoy a quiet game of dice or cards."
"You mean they go looking for likely gamblers?"
"They do.
I made sure to find the ones where poker is played.
It weren't easy.
Poker's not well known here in England."
"What's poker?"
"A card game."
"Are you good at it?"
Her white teeth flashed in the dimness.
A narrow rectangular panel in the door slid open and a pair of eyes peered at us.
They widened ever so slightly upon seeing me, before the panel slammed shut.
The door opened and a tall, slender fellow, dressed like a gentleman, greeted us.
He nodded at Willie and she nodded back.
We handed him our coats and hats.
"Will you introduce me to your friend, Miss Johnson?"
he inquired.
"Miss Steele, this is Mr. Unger," she said as she looked past him.
He bowed to me.
"Welcome, Miss Steele.
Have you come to play?"
"Observe only," I said.
"Are you the proprietor of this establishment?"
"No."
He didn't elaborate and merely stepped aside so we could pass.
Smoke rose in slender columns from a dozen cigars.
It clung to the beams, disturbed only by the occasional draft.
Gentlemen sat at tables, their concentration on the rolling dice or cards in their hands.
Chairs clustered around some of the tables in the windowless room, and a door on the far side led to a second room.
The fireplace was unlit, but the air felt cloying.
Men dressed in crimson waistcoats and crisp white shirts stood at each table and seemed to be in charge of the play.
The one at the hazard table held a hooked stick.
Willie headed to a table of card players to the left and took a spare seat, but it was several seconds before the hum of voices quieted.
One by one, all the men turned to me until eighteen pairs of eyes focused entirely on my person.
Clearly women dressed as women were an oddity in their den.
I bobbed an awkward curtsy and hurried after Willie.
She chuckled and shook her head at me.
The fellow in charge of her table found me a chair and the portly middle- aged gentleman next to her made space for me to squeeze in.
"Good evening, miss," he said with a gap-toothed smile.
"It's not often we're graced with such gentle company."
Willie muttered something under her breath that I didn't quite catch.
"I'm here in an observational capacity only," I assured him.
"Like our other new friend tonight."
He pointed his cigar at the gentleman sitting directly opposite me.
"Seems poker is becoming all the rage in London now.
I can see why.
Jolly good game."
His rolling laugh filled the room.
It must have been his laughter that I'd heard from outside.
No one else seemed in such a jovial mood, most likely because he had the largest stack of money in front of him.
The other observer nodded at me with a friendly smile and I nodded back, then we both concentrated on the game.
"Five card cowboy stud," said the dealer to Willie as he dealt.
The man next to me leaned closer.
"What do you know about this great American game, Miss?"
"Steele," I said.
"I know nothing about it."
"Name's Travers."
He placed a monocle into his eye socket and studied his cards then turned his scrutiny onto me.
He scanned me from head to toe, then shifted his chair even closer.
He smelled like cigars and brandy.
"You don't sound American."
"I'm English."
"Aha.
A pretty young English rose.
Perfect."
Clearly the lighting wasn't very good if he thought me pretty and young.
"Thank you," I said, nevertheless.
"Has your friend taught you to play?"
he asked, nodding at Willie.
"No.
We've only just met.
He squinted at me through his monocle.
"You're not a hustler, are you?"
"A what?"
"A confidence man, or woman, who pretends not to know the rules then fleeces everyone at the table."
"I assure you, I don't know how to play poker.
Whist is more my game."
He chuckled and the monocle fell onto the table.
He returned it and studied his cards again before plucking a single coin off his pile and placing it beside the others.
"She fleeced me last night," he said with a nod at Willie, "but I think I know her ways now."
Willie smirked.
"Then I wish you luck, my lord."
Lord?
I stared at Travers, but he was engrossed in the game and paid me no mind.
I caught the gaze of the newcomer opposite and he shrugged.
His bright blue eyes sparkled with intelligence.
I watched several rounds and thought I'd worked out which combination of cards constituted a winning hand.
Then everything I'd learned was thrown upside down when the lord beside me won with nothing more than a pair of eights.
Willie watched him rake in his winnings with a scowl on her face.
"Why did he win?"
I whispered.
"You had a pair of threes and sixes."
"He was bluffing.
I folded too early."
She picked up one of her coins and rubbed its surface with her thumb as if she were trying to remove the queen's face.
She seemed in no mood to answer any more of my questions.
Lord Travers draped his arm across the back of my chair and leaned so close to me I could hear his moist smile.
"My dear girls, why not call it a night?
This is no place for lovely roses.
We thorns might prick you."
His guffaw had heads at the other tables turning.
"Speaking of pricks," one gentleman muttered loud enough for everyone to hear.
A sprinkle of laughter filled the room, led by Travers himself.
He won the next two rounds, much to Willie's annoyance.
She tossed her cards into the middle of the table and sat back in the chair, arms folded over her chest.
She was down to her last five shillings.
"Your friend doesn't like to lose," Travers said in my ear.
I swayed away from him.
"I'm quite sure nobody likes to lose."
Willie's flinty glare slid toward him.
She hunched over the table and scooped her coins toward her like a protective mother cat.
Lord Travers chuckled.
His fingers skimmed my shoulder up to the bare skin above my collar.
I shivered and recoiled.
"Would you care for a drink, ladies?"
asked the blue-eyed gentleman who'd suddenly appeared between Willie and me.
He addressed me, but his hard gaze fell upon Travers at my other side.
"Why not join me in the refreshments room, miss?
All this poker is making my head spin."
"Thank you."
I put out my hand.
"I think I will."
He led me away from the table.
Willie didn't seem to notice that I'd left, and even Travers didn't seem to care all that much.
He simply returned his monocle to his eye and studied the new hand he'd been dealt.
The gentleman steered me to the adjoining room where sandwiches and little cakes were set out on the table.
A long white tablecloth edged with lace draped to the lushly carpeted floor.
Decanters and glasses stood ready on a sideboard, their crystal facets glinting in the candlelight cast by the overhead chandelier.
"Brandy?"
he asked.
"Wine?
Sherry?"
"Brandy.
Thank you for your gallant rescue, sir.
I appreciate it."
He smiled at me over his shoulder.
Although he wasn't a strikingly handsome man, he had a friendly smile and clear blue eyes.
I guessed him to be in his mid-thirties, going by the lines fanning out from the corners of his eyes and stretching across his forehead.
"I'm at your service.
Miss Steele, was it?"
I nodded and joined him at the sideboard.
"My name is Dorchester."
He poured two brandies from a decanter and handed one of the tumblers to me.
"To your health, Miss Steele."
I sipped and eyed him over the rim of the glass.
"Have you learned anything tonight, Mr.
Dorchester?"
"I've learned not to play poker with Lord Travers."
"He does seem to win a lot."
And have roaming hands.
"Your friend is an interesting character.
Did I catch an accent?"
"Willie's American."
He made a face.
"You don't like Americans?"
I asked.
"I've only met two, and they were somewhat brash, boastful fellows.
They lacked polish and sophistication, if you know what I mean."
I simply smiled.
While Willie and Duke certainly fit that description, Mr. Glass didn't, and I wasn't yet sure what to make of Cyclops.
"What brings you to this gambling house?"
"Gambling."
He grinned.
"I'd heard about this new game of poker and decided to see what it was all about.
I admit that I enjoy the thrill of winning, but I'm cautious too.
I never wager more than I can afford to lose."
"Hence the evening spent observing rather than participating?"
"Indeed.
And you, Miss Steele?
Are you planning on returning to try your hand at poker another night?"
"I don't gamble."
I had nothing to wager with, but even then I couldn't see the appeal.
"Perhaps you'll simply come and keep your American friend company again.
It would make the evening more interesting if you were here."
He smiled again.
Heat crept up my face.
I sipped to hide it.
"Are you from London, Mr.
Dorchester?"
He shook his head.
"I studied here in my youth, but reside in Manchester.
I'm in manufacturing."
"Oh?
Your accent sounds pure London to me."
And upper class at that.
"So I've been told.
I must have picked it up years ago."
He sipped.
"So tell me how a nice English girl winds up at a gambling den with an American woman who dresses like a man."
I laughed.
"It's a long story."
"I have all night."
"Don't you want to return to the poker table?"
"Not when there is a more interesting option."
Those lovely blue eyes fixed on me, and my face flamed.
I searched for something to say, but could only smile pathetically and sip my brandy.
I was saved from responding by two men who joined us at the sideboard.
They sported the cocky swagger of youth dipped in privilege and money.
One poured drinks and the other, more portly fellow, helped himself to the cakes.
The one with the drinks leaned back against the sideboard and downed the contents of one of the glasses.
"What's your name?"
he asked me.
"Miss Steele," I said.
His pale gray gaze slipped over me, lingering on my chest, my throat, my mouth.
His top lip curled into an indolent smile.
"I'll double whatever he's paying," he said with a jerk of his head at Mr. Dorchester.
I blinked.
"Pardon?"
He rolled his eyes.
"Don't pretend innocence, Miss Steele.
It's not going to earn you anything more with us."
Us?
I glanced at his companion.
He sneered, but thanks to the dusting of sugar on his lips, it didn't seem quite as sinister as his friend's.
Even so, I knew what these men wanted and what they thought I was selling.
I backed away.
"You're mistaken, sir," I said with as much courage as I could muster.
"I'm not what you think I am."
"Course you are.
Why else would you be here?"
Why indeed?
Mr. Dorchester stepped between the gentleman and me.
He was shorter by a full head, but strongly built, where the other man was slender and wiry.
"Kindly leave Miss Steele alone."
"I'm not paying a penny more," the gentleman snarled.
"Your doxy isn't worth the double I'm offering."
Before my gasp had left my lips, Mr. Dorchester grabbed the man's coat at his chest and lifted him clear off his feet.
The fellow swung his fist but missed.
Mr. Dorchester threw him bodily against the wall.
A moment later, Unger rushed in, and at least a half dozen gamblers crowded in the doorway behind him.
More than one sniggered at the dazed looking fellow on the floor.
"India?"
I could hear Willie before I could see her.
She managed to push through the small crowd and rushed up to me.
She clasped my forearms and searched my face.
"What happened?
Are you all right?"
"Quite, thank you."
My hands shook and my heart pounded, but I wouldn't admit that to Willie.
I was unharmed, after all, and the danger was over now.
She blew out a long breath and checked me over once again.
"Thank God.
Matt would haul me over hot coals if something happened to you."
Mr. Dorchester looked up sharply then away.
He scratched his jaw but stopped suddenly and dropped his hand to his side.
It was as if he didn't know what to do with it, or with himself, now that all eyes were on us both.
Willie eyed the fellow slumped groggily on the floor.
"What happened?"
"Mr. Dorchester defended my honor against that man," I said.
Willie grunted.
"Your honor?"
Mr. Dorchester straightened his tie.
"It's impolite to call a lady a doxy."
"A doxy!"
Willie hooted with laughter and kicked the shoe of the fellow on the floor.
"Are you blind, sir?
She's tied up tighter than a miser's purse strings.
Wait'll I tell Duke and Cyclops.
They'll laugh 'till their sides split."
I thrust my hand onto my hip.
"And Mr. Glass?
Will you tell _him_? "
Her grin faded.
"Best not to tell him, unless you don't want to come here again."
At that moment, I didn't care if I never set foot in this gambling house or any other again.
I'd wanted to be a little reckless and experience something I'd never done before, but staying in with a good book now seemed more appealing.
"This is why you should forbid women," one of the gamblers said to Mr. Unger.
"They cause trouble."
"I'll have to ask you to leave, sir," said Mr. Unger to Mr. Dorchester.
"No fisticuffs.
House rules."
Mr. Dorchester held up his hands.
"I understand."
"He was protecting me," I protested.
"You should ask that fellow to leave.
_He_ started the  trouble."
"Lord Dennison and Mr. Fryer-Smythe are regulars here."
He nodded at the friend who'd set aside his cake to help his companion to his feet.
"They've caused no problems prior."
"It's quite all right, Miss Steele," said Mr. Dorchester.
"I don't think poker is for me, and there are other gambling dens in the city willing to take my money."
"But it's not fair!"
I said.
"You don't deserve this treatment."
He took my hand between both of his.
"I'm tired anyway.
May I be so bold as to suggest you leave now too, for your own safety?"
"Not yet," Willie said before I could respond.
Her mouth set into a determined line.
"I need to win back what I lost first."
"Or lose more!"
called Lord Travers from the other room.
"Mr. Dorchester is right," I said.
"We should go."
Willie seemed not to hear me.
She marched back to the gambling room and resumed her seat at the poker table.
She tapped her finger on the surface.
"Deal."
"Would you like me to escort you home?"
Mr. Dorchester asked as the others returned to their seats.
While the offer was tempting, I refused.
I didn't know him well enough to walk alone with him in the dark.
"I'll wait for Willie."
"Very well.
But do be careful, Miss Steele.
I'd hate to think of anything happening to you."
He bowed.
"It's been a pleasure making your acquaintance.
I hope we meet again."
He collected his hat, coat and gloves and spoke quietly to Mr. Unger, perhaps seeking assurance from him that I wouldn't come to any harm.
Mr. Unger glanced at me then nodded, and Mr. Dorchester left.
I was sorry to see him go; not because I missed his company, but because it meant I ought to remain in the gambling room and not retire to the refreshment room.
The fellow who'd called me a doxyLord Dennisonhad fully recovered.
He sauntered out too, a glass in hand, and leaned a hip against the roulette table.
His cold eyes watched me and his lips twisted.
I shivered again.
Lord Travers patted the empty chair beside him.
"Come sit by me, Miss Steele.
I'll keep you warm."
"I prefer to stand," I said and moved to the hearth behind Willie's chair.
They played a few rounds, with either Lord Travers or Willie winning most hands, even when they lacked good cards.
I couldn't tell when either of them was bluffing, but Lord Travers seemed to have Willie's measure.
He also had more winning card combinations.
I grew bored so picked up the carriage clock on the mantel.
It was running perfectly well, but I removed its casing and inspected its mechanisms anyway.
I ran my thumb over the wheels, feeling comfort in the familiar parts and their small yet precise movements.
The metal warmed to my touch.
I would have taken it apart and put it back together again for something to do, but I didn't have my tools with me.
I replaced the back casing and returned it to the mantel.
After half an hour, the other two players on the poker table retired, having lost everything, and Lord Travers possessed most of the money.
Willie was down to her last coins, and I found myself hoping she would lose so we could go home.
According to the clock, it was half-two.
I wanted to go to bed.
My heart sank when I saw the three tens in her hand.
A winning hand now would keep her here longer.
She pondered her cards for some time then pushed all of her coins forward.
Lord Travers matched her wager without hesitation, and added an entire stack more.
Willie couldn't possibly meet it.
She lifted her brows at Mr. Unger who'd come to watch.
He shook his head.
"I'm sorry, Miss Johnson, but the bank only lends money to patrons well known to us.
If you return to America, we have no way to get our funds back."
She swore under her breath.
Lord Travers chuckled.
"Surely you have something of value that you can wager, Miss Johnson."
He licked his fleshy lips, wetting them even more.
"Or your friend does."
Surely he didn't mean _me_?
I recoiled.
"Willie, it's time to go."
But I may as well have not been present.
She didn't seem to hear me.
She passed her hand over her chin, down her neck, and let it rest on her dcolletage.
Lord Travers leered at me.
The gamblers at the other tables had all stopped and now watched us with interest.
The fellow who'd called me a doxy ambled over and leaned down to Travers' level to whisper in his ear.
Travers snickered and licked his lips again.
"Come now, Miss Johnson," he said, "where's that American pluck you displayed the past few nights.
You're not a coward, are you?"
Willie bristled.
"Of course not."
I pressed Willie's shoulder.
"You don't have any more money," I hissed.
"Let's go."
"I have this."
She pulled out a chain from beneath her shirt, at the end of which dangled a gold locket the size of a farthing.
"My grandmother gave it to me before she died.
It was her wedding present from my grandfather.
It's all I have of them."
Travers looked disappointed.
"Sure you want to wager it?"
Willie hesitated then nodded.
She held it out for Travers to inspect.
He weighed it in his palm before opening it and inspecting the miniatures inside.
"A handsome couple.
I accept."
"Willie, is that wise?"
I whispered.
"What if you lose it?"
"I won't lose."
Lord Travers placed the locket with Willie's coins and rested his hand on the seat next to his thigh.
"We'll see, shall we?"
He returned both hands to his cards, fanning them out on the table.
"Full house."
I'd not seen that combination of cards all night, but I knew it must be good.
Willie's white face confirmed it.
She looked like she would faint as she stared hard at her own cards, perhaps willing them to be better.
With a click of her tongue, she threw her cards on the table.
She stood, shoving back her chair.
"You cheated!"
Lord Travers laughed as he scooped his winnings toward him.
Willie's locket glinted in the light.
"Now, now, Miss Johnson.
Don't be a sore loser."
"You cheated!"
she shouted again.
"You had a card under your leg.
I saw you remove it and add it to your hand!"
Travers slipped the locket into his dinner jacket pocket.
"What rot.
Did I cheat, gentlemen?"
The other gamblers shook their heads.
"Stand up!"
Willie growled.
"You must have placed the card you removed from your original hand somewhere.
Let's see under your fat ass."
"Willie!"
I tugged on her arm, but she shook me off.
"Please let's go."
"Listen to your friend, Miss Johnson."
Travers collected the cards on the table and shuffled them.
"Be a good girl and go home before you say something you regret."
He stopped shuffling and eyed me.
"Unless you're willing to wager something else."
I straightened.
"That's quite enough of that.
You may be a lord, but your behavior is deplorable.
As is yours, sir," I spat at Lord Dennison.
Travers laughed around the cigar in his mouth, sending ash onto his lap.
"Hear that, Dennison?
The little chit thinks she can lecture _us_.
She deserves a good spanking to be put back in her  place."
I gasped and looked to Mr. Unger for assistance, but he merely shrugged an apology.
I would get no help from him.
Travers was worth too much to his business to risk offending him.
And Mr. Dorchester, my only champion, was gone.
I grabbed Willie's arm.
"Let's go.
Now!"
But she didn't move.
She bared her teeth and pointed her finger at Travers.
"You're a low down dirty cheat and I will prove it.
Stand up!"
Travers sprawled in his chair and grinned around his cigar.
"Make me, little girl."
"Oh, I will, with the help of my friend, Mr.
Colt."
Willie jerked her coat aside and pulled out the gun tucked into the waistband of her trousers.
Several men fell back, bumping into one another in their haste to remove themselves from the vicinity, but none left the room.
All were glued to the scene.
"Willie, no!"
I cried.
"Don't!"
But I might as well not have spoken.
"Stand up, Travers," she said.
He placed his hand on the seat near his thigh again.
"It's 'my lord' to you, miss, and no, I will not."
"For God's sake, move!"
I shouted at him.
"She _will_ use  it."
"I'm not afraid of a girl," Travers said with a chuckle.
Willie squeezed the trigger.
Nothing happened.
She frowned and inspected the cylinder.
She spun it round and round.
It was empty.
"Damn him!"
My heart sank.
Mr. Glass must have removed the bullets after the shooting episode of the previous night.
I wanted to swear as loudly as Willie.
While I didn't want her to shoot anyone, we now had no weapons to defend ourselves.
And the men knew it.
They advanced.
Lord Dennison and his friend, Smythe-something-or-other, grinned like madmen and approached with slow, predatory steps.
Dennison rubbed his crotch.
Travers sat back and watched, smiling with those fishy, wet lips of his.
"That's it, gentlemen," he said, chomping down on his cigar.
"Teach 'em how to respect us."
"On your knees," Dennison ordered, pointing at me.
He fumbled with the opening of his trousers and his tongue darted out to lick his top lip.
His companion wiped beads of sweat from his brow.
His breathing became ragged.
I glanced at the men behind them, but none came to our aid.
All watched with keen interest.
This nightmare couldn't be happening.
Surely I would wake up soon.
My weak knees were very real, however, and so were the men leering at us with lust in their eyes.
I touched Willie's hand.
Her fingers curled around mine and gripped hard.
My heart plunged to my toes.
I'd hoped she had something up her sleeve, but it would seem the gun had been her only security guard.
Without it, she was as vulnerable as me.
We were two women up against more than a dozen men, and she was as terrified as me.
We didn't stand a chance.
* Chapter 11 Chapter 11{{{1 # Chapter 11
"How is your aim?"
I whispered to Willie.
"Why?"
she whispered back, her voice shaky.
Dennison wiped the back of his hand across his mouth, smearing saliva across his cheek.
He grinned, a distorted stretch of thin lips.
"Get on with it, man," Travers urged him.
"I want to keep playing."
"Throw the gun," I whispered to Willie.
I thought she'd protest, but she wasted no time hurling her weapon at Dennison.
He ducked, lost his balance, and fell to his side.
The gun clattered to the floor, where it skidded under a table.
Willie swore.
Travers roared with laughter.
"Stupid whore!"
Dennison shouted.
"You missed."
He lurched to his feet.
There wasn't a moment to lose.
I reached behind me and snatched the carriage clock off the mantel.
It felt solid, reassuring.
The gold plating heated my skin and glowed in the candlelight.
I threw it at Dennison's head.
He saw it coming and ducked again, but the clock suddenly dropped too.
It hit him square on the forehead.
He fell back, unconscious.
"Bloody good arm," Travers said with admiration as he surveyed Dennison's prone form.
"Run!"
I shouted.
Willie and I ran for the unattended door.
Mr. Unger didn't try to stop us.
Thankfully, no one did.
Willie pulled open the door.
I glanced back to see a collection of gentlemen gathered around Dennison, helping him to sit up.
Blood trickled from his head wound, but he was alive, thank goodness.
A bell clanged and the porter at the base of the stairs opened the door there.
Mr. Glass strolled through, holding a lantern.
"Matt!"
Willie cried.
He lifted the lantern high.
It illuminated the hard planes of his face and the black pools of his eyes.
"Finally," he ground out.
"I've been looking"
"Yes, yes."
Willie rushed down the stairs and met him half way.
"Make yourself useful and fetch my revolver for me.
It's up there, under a table."
Mr. Glass looked to me and then back to his cousin.
His face darkened.
"Why is your revolver not with you?"
"There's no time to explain."
She shoved him.
"Go!"
"No," I said as Mr. Glass climbed the stairs toward me.
"Leave the gun."
I glanced behind me, but the doorway was unattended.
No one chased us.
I tried to push past Mr. Glass, but he caught my arm.
"What is going on?"
His voice sounded strained, tight, and a little tired.
"Matt will be fine," Willie assured me.
"No one will try anything with him, and if they do, he'll just throw a punch or two.
Won't you, Matt?"
Mr. Glass went very still.
He stood two steps below me, bringing our faces level.
His chest rose and fell with his heavy breathing, and his gaze bored into mine, as if he could dig out answers.
I swallowed and considered heading back into the gambling room.
It could be safer.
"Stay here," he growled.
"I want an explanation upon my return."
He let me go and pushed past me.
He only got as far as the doorway, however.
Mr. Unger stood there with Willie's gun.
He handed it to Mr. Glass.
"Do not return, Miss Johnson," he said to Willie.
"This establishment can't afford to attract unwanted attention."
To me, he said, "You should have stayed home, miss.
Places like this are not for gently bred women."
He slammed the door in Mr. Glass's face.
Matt whirled around.
The lantern light swung in an arc, and the handle squeaked with the violent movement.
"Get out.
Now.
Both of you."
The porter held the door open for us.
We hurried through the boot maker's shop, where the other porter let us out to the street.
Cyclops leaned against the carriage but straightened upon seeing us.
"That was fast," he said.
"We were on our way out when Mr. Glass arrived," I told him.
Cyclops lowered the step, and held the door open for me, but moved to the driver's seat when Mr. Glass ordered him to prepare to leave immediately.
Willie followed me inside, and Mr. Glass came in behind her and suspended the lantern from the hook by the door.
He thumped the ceiling and Cyclops drove off.
He sat on the seat opposite Willie and me as the coach rolled away from the curb.
"Explain."
Willie _humphed_ and held out her hand.
"Give me my Colt."
"Not until I get a satisfactory explanation."
"You explain," Willie spat.
"Why did you remove the bullets?"
"To avoid you winding up on a murder charge."
"You left me unarmed!"
"If you stayed in at night, you wouldn't need to be armed."
She crossed her arms and turned away from him.
"You should have told me about the bullets," she mumbled at the wall.
Mr. Glass set his hat on the seat beside him and scrubbed his hand through his hair.
"You're right.
I shouldn't have left you vulnerable.
But my opinion still standsif you'd stayed away from the gambling houses, you wouldn't require a gun."
He handed back the weapon.
"And my bullets?"
"Are at the house.
I'll return them to you only if you promise not to gamble again."
"Ever?"
"Ever."
"Matt!
I can't!
I have to win back my locket."
His jaw fell open.
"You lost your locket?
Christ, Willie, I'm sorry."
He closed his eyes briefly.
"But I can't allow you to attempt to win it back.
Promise me you won't gamble again."
"Promise," she mumbled.
He sighed and his expression softened.
"Your opponent must have been formidable to have beaten you."
Her lower lip wobbled.
"He cheated."
"I think he did too," I said.
Mr. Glass pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Now I know why you were attempting to use your Colt."
"Oh, that's not why," I said.
"Shhh," Willie hissed at the same time that Mr. Glass growled, "Then why?"
He glared at her.
She looked out the window and sniffed.
I rested a hand on her arm, but she shoved it off.
"Leave me alone."
I endured her silence and Mr. Glass's glare for the rest of the short journey to his house.
Once inside, Duke greeted us with an equally formidable scowl.
Willie tried to push past him, but he blocked her path.
"Move," she snapped.
"I'm in no mood for your lectures."
"I don't care!
You were supposed to be home hours ago."
"I've been out later than this before."
"Not with her, you haven't."
Willie turned her thunderous look onto me.
I hardly thought it fair to blame me when she'd invited me to go with her.
I thought it wise to keep quiet on the matter, however.
Her mood was black enough, and there was no telling if she had another stash of bullets for that gun.
"Selfish, that's what you are," Duke went on.
Willie lips flattened, but Duke gave her no opportunity to cut in.
"Yes, you are.
You're a selfish woman and it's time you were told.
Matt does everything for you"
"Enough, Duke," Mr. Glass chided.
"Willie, go to bed.
We'll talk in the morning."
"See!"
Duke waved a hand at Mr. Glass.
"See what you've done."
Willie and I both turned to face him.
He scowled at Duke, but in the better light of the overhead chandelier, I could now see the gray pall of his jaw, the dark smudges beneath his eyes.
"You didn't rest, did you?"
Willie said quietly.
He didn't answer.
She blinked rapidly and folded her arms across her body, as if warding off a chill.
"Did you at least use the" He cut her off with a shake of his head and a glance at me.
Her chin wobbled and her face crumpled.
She threw herself at him and he caught her, staggering a little under her weight.
"I'm sorry, Matt.
I'm so sorry.
I'll never take India to play poker again."
I stamped a hand on my hip.
"She wasn't even that good a distraction," she went on.
"Is that why you invited me along?"
I asked, as Mr. Glass held her at arm's length.
"A good question," he growled.
She wiped her nose on her sleeve.
"I thought Lord Travers would find herinteresting.
Unfortunately he was too engrossed in the game to pay her more than cursory attention."
"You _used_ me!"
Willie merely shrugged.
"I think I'll go to bed now.
Matt, you must too.
There's no point in staying up longer.
Understand?"
Her gaze flicked to me then back to him.
Clearly she didn't want me detailing the evening's events to him.
He kissed her cheek.
"Goodnight, Willie," he said on an exasperated sigh.
"Why are you being so nice to her?"
Duke said once she'd gone.
"After your ranting and raving for the last hour, I thought you'd be sending her to her room for a week."
"I have no authority to send her anywhere," Mr. Glass said.
"She can do as she pleases.
Besides, she's suffered enough tonight.
She lost her locket."
"Hell."
Duke's tapped his head back and shook it at the ceiling.
"She'll want to win it back."
"I made her promise not to try."
"You think that'll stop her?"
"She's never broken a promise to me before."
Duke sighed.
"You have more faith in her than I do."
"Therein lies your problem, Duke."
Duke grunted.
"I'll wager you had quite a dull night, Miss Steele.
Willie's not good company when she's got the gambling fever."
"Dull is certainly not a word I would use to describe our evening.
It was anything but."
"Care to explain why Willie's Colt was under the table?"
Mr. Glass asked.
"And why you were both fleeing when I met you?"
"Fleeing?"
Duke echoed.
"I also heard a thud," Mr. Glass said.
"That was the sound of Lord Dennison falling to the floor," I said.
Mr. Glass raised his brows.
Duke gawped.
"Why'd he hit the floor?"
Duke asked.
"A clock hit him in the head."
Mr. Glass and Duke exchanged mysterious glances.
"How?"
Mr. Glass pressed.
"I threw it."
"Why?"
"He was paying me some unwanted attention.
I suspect he was also drunk."
"Bloody hell."
Mr. Glass searched my face, his eyes sharper than they'd been since entering the house.
"Miss Steele, tell me honestly.
Are you unharmed?"
"I am."
He blew out a measured breath then shot a glare up the staircase in the direction Willie had gone.
"Don't blame her," I said.
"It's not her fault.
The blame rests entirely on the shoulders of Lord Dennison and his friend.
They're not gentlemen at all.
I've known vagrants with better manners."
Mr. Glass bowed his head but not before he closed his eyes.
He really ought to be in bed, or using his special watch.
Perhaps both.
"Let's return to the clock," Duke said with earnest.
"So you threw it and it hit that fellow?"
"Yes."
"Did it feelodd to you?"
"In what way?"
"Did it sort offly of its own accord?"
"No."
I laughed.
"I threw it."
"Did it feel warm to touch?
Did it glow?"
"That's enough, Duke," Mr. Glass said.
"Miss Steele is tired and your questions are confusing her."
"But"
Mr. Glass laid a hand on Duke's arm.
They exchanged no words, but an understanding seemed to pass between them.
Duke sighed.
"Goodnight, Miss Steele."
I watched him go, trying to fathom what he meant by his questions, and how he'd known the clock had felt warm.
Was it special, like Mr. Glass's watch?
If so, how and why?
What metal had the watchmaker used?
I'd never seen the likes of it.
Mr. Glass seemed determined that I not be given any answers to my questions.
That only made me more curious.
They were all hiding a secret.
If it didn't have anything to do with timepieces, I probably wouldn't have cared so much, but since a watch was involved, and now a clock, I wanted to know quite badly.
But I would get nothing from him.
"Do you require hot chocolate?"
Mr. Glass's rich, melodic voice rumbled across the space between us.
"No, thank you.
I'm all right."
His searching gaze studied every inch of my face.
"Are you sure?"
I nodded.
Something Duke had said occurred to me.
"Why were you ranting and raving earlier?"
Several heartbeats passed before he responded.
"Because you didn't return."
"But Willie says she's been out later than this and you've never worried so much."
"Willie dresses like a man and acts like a man.
That keeps her safe.
You, however, cannot hide your womanliness.
Or your vulnerability.
Is it so terrible that I was worried about you?"
My heart skipped to a mad tune in my chest.
It was deeply satisfying to know he'd been concerned for my wellbeing, and yet it didn't quite make sense.
We hardly knew one another.
Perhaps he was presenting a faade again, but for what end, I couldn't fathom.
I began unbuttoning my coat, only to freeze when Mr. Glass slipped in behind me.
His fingers brushed my neck above my collar and settled on my shoulders.
He did not remove my coat but bent his head to mine.
"You haven't answered me," he murmured.
"II" What was his question again?
"Cat got your tongue, Miss Steele?"
His breath fanned my hair at the nape of my neck.
If I leaned back, just a little, would he move away?
Or would he allow me to rest against his chest?
"I can assure you I won't be gambling again," I said, my voice breathy.
He drew the coat off my shoulders and down my arms, slowly.
"Good."
His voice vibrated through my body.
"I'm glad to hear it."
"Why?"
I simply _had_ to know or be eaten up with curiosity.
If he was only pretending to flirt with me, I wanted to catch him out.
I didn't want to be made a fool of again.
"What does it matter to you?"
He slipped the coat over my hands, but did not remove it entirely.
I was trapped by my own clothing, yet I felt no panic and no vulnerability.
This man wouldn't harm me.
Why I felt so certain of that, I didn't know.
While my head was telling me to run to my room, every other piece of me wanted to remain.
"You're living under my roof, for the time being," he murmured.
"It's my duty to protect every member of this household.
Including you, Miss Steele."
"It's not necessary."
I hardly knew what I was saying anymore.
My mind was filled with a fog that made it difficult to think beyond the present, heady moment.
"Does a landlord care what his lodger does in the evenings?"
"You are not my lodger."
"Employee then.
Until Tuesday, that is."
He drew in a sharp breath.
Then he stepped away, taking my coat with him.
He folded it over his arm, smoothing it with his hand.
"Thank you for the reminder."
"Reminder?"
I shook my head.
"Had you forgotten already?"
He grunted a laugh.
"In a way."
"Mr. Glass, are you feeling all right?
May I get you something from the kitchen?
Or perhaps you ought to go directly to bed.
Pass me the coat.
I'll hang it up."
I was very aware that I was rambling yet I couldn't stop.
"You do look very tired."
His jaw hardened.
"Thank you for your concern, but I'm fine.
I'm capable of hanging up the coat myself.
Goodnight, Miss Steele."
I sighed.
I still wasn't sure if what had passed between us was real or not, but I missed it now it was gone.
"Goodnight, Mr.
Glass."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
"I ought to be doing something," I told Mr. Glass over breakfast when he declared that I wasn't required that day.
"You're paying me to help you find Chronos, but sitting here while you go out is a waste of time.
Surely there's something I can do."
"I'm not looking for Chronos today," he said yet again as he buttered his toast.
"And you can't search for him without me.
Only I know what he looks like."
Cyclops and Duke busied themselves at the sideboard, piling toast, bacon and eggs onto their plates, but I got the distinct impression they were listening intently to our exchange.
Neither Willie nor Miss Glass had ventured down from their rooms yet.
"I can ask after Mirth," I said.
"Someone may know where he's gone, who his friends are, _et cetera_."
He bit off the corner of his toast and didn't answer me until he'd swallowed.
It gave me time to study him.
While he looked less tired, the shadow of illness still clung to him.
He required more sleep.
"Someone may," he said, "but they're unlikely to give the information to you.
We've seen how the watchmakers of London react to you.
I don't want a repeat of your encounter with Abercrombie."
That encounter was still troubling me, too, as was Mr. Glass's reaction to it.
Whatever he'd said to Abercrombie the next day had appeared to put an end to the accusation.
The police hadn't come looking for me.
I wouldn't risk going to see Abercrombie, however, and asking him why he'd been so cruel.
Not until I knew for certain that he wasn't going to call for the constables at the first sight of me.
"I think I'll visit the Masons," I said.
"Mr. Mason may know about the Mirth fellow."
"Very well.
Enjoy your day out."
"Thank you."
I sipped my tea.
"I thought the search for Chronos was vitally important."
"It is."
"Then why are you not spending today looking for him?
You're running out of time."
"A damned good question," Duke growled as he sat beside me.
"Forget aboutthe intruder, Matt.
Your other business is more pressing."
"I beg to differ," Mr. Glass said.
"Cyclops, you tell him."
Cyclops sat too.
His pile of bacon toppled, sending the topmost piece onto the table.
He stabbed it with a fork and stuffed it into his mouth as if he'd been starved of bacon for years.
After he swallowed, he dabbed his mouth delicately with a napkin.
"Matt is right," he said.
"We need to findthe intruder."
"But"
"But you're also right," Cyclops went on.
"We need to find Chronos."
"Thank you for your insightful observation," Mr. Glass said wryly.
"Including today, and not counting Tuesday as we leave in the morning, we have three days.
The question is, can we find both men in that time?"
He picked up his teacup and swallowed the contents in one gulp.
"No, we cannot," Duke said.
"We've made almost no progress in the hunt for Chronos.
That must be our priority.
The other thing can wait until" His gaze flicked to me.
"Until after your watch is fixed."
"It can't wait," Mr. Glass growled.
"The intruder must be stopped before he returns."
"Why would he return here?"
I picked up the knife and leaned forward.
"You know him, don't you?"
He nodded.
"It's someone we've crossed paths with in America."
"Who?"
"That's a private matter."
I sliced the top off my boiled egg with a single strike of my knife.
The force caused it to miss my plate and land on the table.
Mr. Glass reached across the table, picked it up and placed it on my plate.
He smiled.
I scowled back.
"Mr. Glass," I said.
"Who _are_ you?"
"I don't understand the question."
"Let me rephrase that."
I picked up my spoon and dipped it into my egg, but did not eat.
"What do you do in America?
What is your business?"
He sipped his tea slowly.
Duke and Cyclops stopped eating to watch their friend.
They seemed as curious as to how he'd answer as I was.
"Let's not discuss such vulgar things, as Aunt would put it," he finally said.
"I don't want to bore you, Miss Steele."
"I wouldn't find the opportunity to get to know you better boring," I said, hoping to bait him into telling me _something_.
His lips parted.
Then they kicked up on one side.
"If you insist on finding the intruder first and not the watchmaker, then so be it," Duke said quickly before Mr. Glass could speak.
"But I'd like it noted that I'm unhappy with the order of your priorities."
"Noted."
Mr. Glass fetched the teapot from the sideboard.
He refilled my empty cup.
There was no more discussion of his business affairs or of the intruder.
Of course, if he were an outlaw, he wouldn't tell me outright, yet I was surprised he didn't lie either.
"Miss Steele, may I ask you some questions about last night?"
"Of course," I said, hoping he wouldn't ask for specifics about the attack on Lord Dennison.
I didn't want to relive the moments leading up to the clash.
The thought of what could have happened made me feel even sicker today.
I set aside my egg, no longer hungry, and placed my hand to my stomach.
"Miss Steele, is everything?"
"Mr. Glass!
The tea!"
He'd been refilling his teacup, but his gaze had been on me, not on his task.
Tea spilled over the rim onto the saucer.
He returned the teapot to the sideboard and picked up an empty cup.
He tipped the spilled tea on the saucer into it and some of the excess from his own cup.
"Your questions, Mr.
Glass?"
I prompted.
"Yes.
Last night."
He cleared his throat and sat.
"The man who won Willie's locket, Lord Travers.
What was he like?"
"Portly, middle-aged.
He liked cigars and he laughed a lot, but it had a somewhat arrogant edge to it.
I also believe he cheated."
"If we were in America, I'd call him out," Duke snarled.
"If a mob didn't attack him first.
We don't stand for cheats, Miss Steele."
"We English don't, either."
Except Mr. Unger, the dealers and other gamblers hadn't challenged Lord Travers.
Were they afraid of him?
Was he too valuable to the house?
Or was it a case of Britain versus America?
"Usually, anyway."
"How was his accent?"
Mr. Glass asked.
I shrugged.
"Plummy, as with all toffs.
Why?"
"Did the others seem to know him?"
"Yes.
Why, Mr.
Glass?"
"He played poker extremely well if he beat Willie.
It's an American game, and he went from losing to her on previous nights to winning last night."
"You think he's actually an experienced American poker player disguising himself as an Englishman in order to dupe people into betting against him?
That's quite an accusation."
"Aye," Cyclops muttered.
"Perhaps he's a fast learner," Duke said.
"Perhaps," Mr. Glass said, thoughtful.
"But I think it's something to consider."
I shook my head.
"I disagree."
"Do you now?"
he drawled.
"Yes," I said primly.
"If he is an American pretending to be an Englishman for the sakes of fleecing unsuspecting gamblers, why would he choose to be a lord?
It only draws more attention to himself, when he'd want to avoid notice.
Besides, it's likely he'd run into other lords at gambling houses, and surely they must all know each other, if only by name."
"A good point," Cyclops said with a challenging lift of his one good eyebrow.
"It would seem my theory doesn't hold water," Mr. Glass said on a sigh.
"What theory is that?"
I asked.
"Why did you think Lord Travers might be American?"
"That is my affair."
"Oh?
Do you think the explanation would bore me?"
I asked, throwing his words back in his face.
"Or are you hiding something?"
"We all have our secrets," he said quietly.
"Even you."
I met his dark gaze with what I hoped was a fierce one of my own.
"Tell her," Cyclops said suddenly.
"Tell her what you do, what you've done.
I don't see no reason not to."
Mr. Glass's gaze slid to his friend and darkened.
His nostrils flared.
"My business is mine alone.
If I wish to keep it to myself, that is my affair."
"But"
"Don't, Cyclops."
Mr. Glass's hand curled into a fist on the table.
He held himself rigid as he continued to glare at his friend.
Cyclops was the first to look away.
"You're making a mistake."
Mr. Glass got up and walked out.
I waited, hoping Cyclops would go against his friend's wishes and tell me anyway, but he didn't.
He and Duke finished their breakfast in silence.
I gathered up a plate of eggs and bacon and took it up to Miss Glass's rooms.
I read the morning newspaper to her as she ate, then carried the tray and dishes downstairs afterward.
I took the service stairs and met Miss Glass's maid, Polly Picket, on her way up, a shawl over her arm.
She stepped aside to allow me to pass and bobbed a curtsy.
"May I take the tray for you, miss?"
she asked.
"No, thank you.
And please, Polly, there's no need to curtsy every time you see me."
Although I'd been introduced to her as Mr. Glass's employee, she'd treated me as a member of the family ever since.
I suppose the rules in this household were unclear, to her and to me, and she thought it safer to be submissive to all of us.
She continued on her way up and I continued on my way down.
Mr. Glass's deep voice rumbled from the direction of the kitchen, but I couldn't quite make out the words.
As I drew closer, I heard Cyclops's even deeper voice respond quite clearly.
"Better for her that she doesn't know what you are?
Or better for you?"
he asked.
I stilled, hardly daring to breathe.
It sounded like Cyclops was rebuking Mr. Glass for not answering my question about his business affairs over breakfast.
I shouldn't eavesdrop
Bollocks.
Yes, I should.
If I wanted to learn more about the people I was living with, I had to resort to underhanded methods.
I inched closer.
"It's not _what_ I am, " Mr. Glass said, "but what I've done.
I don't want her to know."
This last was added quietly.
I had to strain to hear him.
"Answering her question would have inevitably led tothat."
"Why don't you want her to know?"
"Why do you think?"
he snarled.
"Aunt Letitia too.
Don't tell either of them."
"It happened years ago.
It's in the past, buried and forgotten."
"Then why does it follow me everywhere, even here and now?"
Their silence was punctured only by the sound of liquid being poured.
I was about to walk into the kitchen, when Mr. Glass spoke again.
"She's keeping a secret too.
The watchmakers are wary of her.
She must know why."
Now _that_ I resented.
I didn't have a clue why they shunned  me.
But it was time I found out.
* Chapter 12 Chapter 12{{{1 # Chapter 12
I headed out at the same time as Mr. Glass, accepting a ride in his carriage to the Masons' St. Martin's Lane shop and house.
Mr. Glass paid me little attention.
His nose was glued to the windows, watching for signs of someone following us, I suspected.
If he spotted anyone, he didn't say so to me or Duke who rode with us.
Willie hadn't risen by the time we departed, so he'd left her home.
"Enjoy your day, Miss Steele," Cyclops called down as I alighted from the carriage.
I clamped a hand to my hat to stop it falling off as I peered up at him.
"You too, Cyclops."
Mr. Glass tugged on his hat brim.
"I'll see you for dinner."
The coach rumbled away.
It hadn't even reached the corner when Catherine burst out of the house like an excited puppy.
She threw her arms around me, almost knocking me over.
"India!
It's so good to see you."
She clasped my hand and dragged me toward the door.
"I've been dying to tell you something."
"What?"
She pushed the door closed and took both my hands in hers.
Her grin split her flushed face.
"You'll never believe it, but John Wilcox has come calling."
"Who?"
"John Wilcox!
The manager from the steelworks factory."
"I remember him now."
I'd run occasional errands to the steelworks factory when I'd needed supplies over and above our regular delivery.
"Do you mean to say he's calling here with a view to courting you?"
"Yes!
Isn't it thrilling?"
Clearly she thought it thrilling, since she couldn't stand still.
Her fingers kneaded mine and she bounced on her toes.
I wasn't as thrilled as her.
John Wilcox was in his thirties and rather dour in nature.
I couldn't imagine him keeping up with such an energetic person as Catherine.
I hoped he didn't stifle her.
Of course, it may not get to that stage.
Surely she'd tire of him first.
"India?"
Mrs. Mason emerged from the kitchen, wringing her hands in her apron.
"I didn't know you were stopping by today."
"My visit wasn't planned," I said, smiling.
"Well.
You're welcome, of course.
I've just baked fresh butter biscuits."
She returned to the kitchen, leaving me staring at her back.
She'd never been an enthusiastic person, like Catherine, but she'd always been welcoming.
While she wasn't rude this time, she wasn't keen to see me either.
Something had changed.
Perhaps her husband had finally confided in her about whatever it was that troubled himwhatever was troubling all the watchmakers.
"He's quite distinguished, don't you think?"
Catherine said, once again taking my hand and pulling me after her.
We didn't head to the kitchen, however, but to the sitting room.
"Ye-es," I said.
"I suppose he does look distinguished."
If a little thick in the middle and around the jaw.
And in the head.
"And he says I'm the most agreeable young woman he's ever met.
He smiled as he said it.
Most flirtatious."
"Agreeable?
That's what he gave as his main reason for courting you?"
"I know!
It's quite a compliment, isn't it?
And we're not courting _yet_ , India.
Steady on.
He has only said that he'll call on me."
"Catherine, do promise you'll be careful.
Don't jump at the first proposal you get."
Unlike me.
"I'm sure there'll be others."
"Don't be silly.
Why do I need to be careful?
India, he's a _manager_.
They earn much more than ordinary shopkeepers, so Gareth  said."
"I do hope that's not your primary consideration for encouraging him," I said.
"Your brother doesn't know the particulars of Mr. Wilcox's situation.
Besides, some shopkeepers do very well."
Catherine flounced into a chair by the unlit fireplace.
"Why won't you be pleased for me?"
I crouched in front of her and took her hand in mine.
"Catherine, you are a lively, friendly, beautiful girl, and I'm sure Mr. Wilcox is the first beau of many for you.
I just don't want you to rush into anything, like I did."
"Mr. Wilcox isn't like Eddie, India.
He's honest and solid.
He's a good man."
"And Eddie is the dried turd on a sheep's behind."
She snickered.
"Yes, but don't let Mama hear you say it."
I grinned and stood.
"Speaking of your mother," I whispered, "she seems upset with me.
Both your parents do.
Have I done something wrong?"
"I'm not sure," she whispered back, glancing at the door.
"She did mention that she's disappointed in your choice to live with Mr.
Glass."
"I'm his lodger."
"She thinks you've lost your moral compass since your father died."
She frowned.
"Or that it's no longer pointing north.
Something like that."
She waved her hand.
"I overheard Papa tell her that he's worried about your influence on me."
As had I.
The Masons had never been worried before Father died.
Why had everything suddenly changed?
It was disconcerting, to say the least.
The Masons were good people and my friends.
Without them I didn't want to think about the loneliness the loss of their friendship would bring.
"Do your parents think I'm going to corrupt you?"
"I don't know."
"Would you like to come and live in Mr. Glass's harem with me?"
I teased, trying to make light when all I felt was heavy.
She giggled again.
"You're so wicked, India.
If only everyone knew you like I did, you'd have a dozen beaus knocking on your door.
You ought to allow men to see you as you are and not be so stern with them."
I blinked down at her, the wind well and truly knocked out of my sails.
"Stern?
Is that how others see me?"
She bit her lip and lifted one shoulder.
"If my brothers can be taken as a good representation of the masculine gender, yes.
Sorry," she squeaked.
"I've upset you."
"No."
I laughed as I sat on the chair.
"Not at all.
Don't take offence on your brothers' accounts, but they don't appeal to me either.
Perhaps my sternness is a way of keeping men like them at a distance."
I laughed again, but her words struck a chord.
It wasn't the first time she'd called me prickly, nor was she the only person to have done so.
Perhaps there was some truth to it.
Perhaps I only had myself to blame for being a spinster.
If they thought me prickly, what would they think of Willie?
I was a sweet angel compared to her.
That thought lifted my mood somewhat.
Mrs. Mason entered carrying a tray with teapot, cups and warm butter biscuits.
"I thought you would have been too busy to make calls," she said, setting the tray down.
"Not too busy to see old friends," I said.
"Good friends."
She smoothed down her apron, her lips flattening.
"Yes.
Well."
"I'll pour," I said.
"Please sit down, Mrs. Mason.
Have tea with us."
"Very well.
Has Catherine told you about Mr.
Wilcox?"
I nodded.
"I'm pleased for her."
"India has cautioned me from rushing into anything," Catherine said.
"As you have, Mama."
"You always were a cautious, considerate girl, India.
A steadying influence on our Catherine, that's what you were."
Were?
I tried to catch her attention, but she wasn't looking at me.
She didn't meet my gaze as we sipped our tea and ate biscuits like three ladies without a care in the world.
But the tense undercurrent wasn't lost on meor on Catherine, I suspected.
She became extra bubbly, filling in the conversational gaps with gossip she'd heard from other families in the watch and clock business.
I let her continue in the hope she'd mention something about why I was no longer welcomed by people I'd known for years.
Finally my patience was rewarded when she mentioned Mr. Lawson, the watchmaker I'd forced to tell us about Mirth.
Catherine's pretty face crumpled into a frown when she spoke about his new apprentice.
"What is it?"
I asked.
"Is there something the matter with the apprentice?"
"It's not him."
She glanced at her mother.
"It's nothing."
"It can't be nothing," I said, wishing I hadn't invited Mrs. Mason to join us for tea.
"Is something wrong with Mr. Lawson?
Is he ill?"
"Oh, India, he's being beastly about you."
Catherine never was very good at keeping secrets from me.
"Catherine," her mother said stiffly, "you shouldn't tattle."
"But India ought to know what people are saying about her.
You said so to Papa yourself."
Mrs. Mason's face colored.
"You shouldn't listen at doors."
"I wasn't," Catherine muttered.
"I heard you through the wall."
"What are people saying about me?
Go on," I said when she hesitated.
"I can take a little criticism on the chin."
She drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"Mr. Lawson is saying that you've become wicked since your father passed."
"Wicked?
Because I'm living in Mr. Glass's house?"
Mrs. Mason sipped her tea loudly.
It would seem she wasn't going to disagree with me.
Perhaps because she wasn't prepared to offer me a bed here.
Catherine winced.
"I suppose so.
Eddie has chosen not to defend your honor, too.
Can you believe it?
What a horrid man he turned out to be, and yet he was so nice in the beginning.
So, your Mr. Glass, is he as lovely as he seems?"
"He'squite well mannered."
Except when he was stroking the underside of my bare breast after opening my corset.
And when he was flirting with me for reasons I couldnt fathom.
"He's been kind to me.
His aunt too, and his cousin, Willemina."
It was worth reminding them about the females living in Mr. Glass's household.
I may not have been able to stop the gossip, but I could reassure my friends.
"Neither Eddie's nor Mr. Lawson's opinions matter to me now.
Did Mr. Lawson tell you that I called on him recently as part of our search for Mr. Glass's mysterious watchmaker?"
"No, but perhaps he told Papa.
They were alone for some time last night in the workshop."
Catherine's gaze slid to her mother's.
She bit her lip then sipped her tea.
I forged on.
"Apparently Mr. Lawson knew the whereabouts of a Mr.
Mirth, a watchmaker who closed his shop some years ago and traveled overseas.
Do you know Mirth, Mrs.
Mason?"
She frowned into her teacup.
"The name does ring some bells, but I can't picture him.
He couldn't have been one of our close circle or I would know."
I believed her.
She wasn't a liar.
"Hopefully he'll turn up," I said.
"Mr. Glass is quite keen to find him."
"Your Mr. Glass if a very determined man," Catherine said with a sly smile.
"What will he do if he can't find Mirth?"
"Continue to question the other London watchmakers I suppose, although he has to speak to them on his own while I remain in the carriage."
Although I looked at Catherine, I watched her mother out of the corner of my eye.
She held herself quite still.
"Many of them seem wary of me."
"Wary?"
Catherine repeated.
"How so?"
"Almost as if they're afraid of me.
It's quite odd."
"Why would they be afraid of you?
Do you think it's because Mr. Abercrombie has accused you of stealing?"
"I don't think so.
Mr. Abercrombie's accusation seemed to be a product of his wariness, not the other way round.
Speaking of which, have he or the police come here asking after me?"
"No," Catherine said.
"I do hope that means he retracted the accusation.
Horrid man.
I never liked him."
"He has retracted it," Mrs. Mason said.
"So your father told me last night."
"He has?"
I felt faint with relief.
"Thank goodness."
So Mr. Glass _had_ taken care of it, like he'd promised.
It only remained to be discovered _how_ he managed to get Abercrombie to do an about-face.
"Do you know why he changed his mind, Mrs.
Mason?"
"No."
Her coolness toward me was beginning to grate on my nerves as well as worry me.
I decided to confront her on it.
"I do hope you don't believe the rumors Mr. Lawson, Eddie and the others are spreading about Mr. Glass and me.
I can assure you, our arrangement is decent and correct."
I just thought of something that might get her to think differently.
"He's the nephew of Lord Rycroft."
"He's a lord!"
Catherine half rose out of her seat in excitement.
"No, just a mister.
His uncle is the current baron."
Both Mrs. Mason and Catherine pressed their hands to their chests, as if trying to still rapid heartbeats.
"He's a gentleman of quality then," Mrs. Mason said, her face lifting.
"How kind that he's taken you in, India."
My smile tightened.
"Very kind."
"Don't allow your head to be turned, though," she warned.
"Nobility is all well and good, but he's a man underneath it all.
Mark my words, India, high born men are not very different from low born men when it comes to it."
"Mama!
You're frightening her."
I laughed.
"Not at all.
Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Mason, but I am in no danger from Mr.
Glass."
It was time to change the subject.
Being lectured wasn't something I was used to, or liked.
Father had never been one to do so after my mother died.
"Mr. Glass had other errands to run today, but we hope to resume our search for Mirth and the watchmaker tomorrow and discover if they are one and the same."
"On a Sunday?"
Mrs. Mason said.
"The shops will be closed, and I don't recommend you visit anyone at home."
"Why not?"
Most watchmakers lived above their shops or nearby.
I knew where to find many of their homes.
"I don't think it's a good idea."
"Mr. Glass leaves on Tuesday, so we need to use all the time left to us."
"Tuesday?
Good."
"Why?"
both Catherine and I asked.
Mrs. Mason shrugged and glanced at the door.
She looked like she wanted to escape but didn't want to leave either.
Perhaps she didn't want to leave me alone with Catherine.
She was afraid of me too.
The notion opened a well inside me that filled with an ache.
"Mrs. Mason," I ventured, "why have you changed toward me?
What have I done to deserve thiscoolness I'm confronted with at every turn?"
I managed to keep the wobble out of my voice until the end.
"Nothing," Catherine said brightly.
"No one is cool toward you.
Are they, Mama?"
But Mrs. Mason didn't answer.
She set down her cup and buried her hands in her apron.
"Mama?"
Catherine shifted forward on her seat and glanced nervously at me.
"Mrs.
Mason?"
I prompted.
"Please."
"I don't know anything," she said, sounding wretched.
She was an honest, good woman with a kind heart.
So what was stopping her from being open with me?
"Mr. Mason was urged not to help you find the watchmaker, that's all.
Not that he can!
He doesn't know of anyone fitting the fellow's description, and nor do I."
"But you were warned, nevertheless," I said, sitting back heavily.
"By whom?"
Catherine gasped.
"That's why Papa has received so many callers of late.
Several guild members have visited him in the last two days," she told me.
"We never usually see them, as Papa isn't particularly friendly with them, so it's been quite noticeable."
"Some of the more senior members have paid calls," Mrs. Mason clarified.
"Led by Abercrombie," I muttered.
"He hasn't been here himself," she said.
But he was most likely behind the visits.
"Why does he dislike me so much?"
Catherine set her cup down and crouched before me.
Her sweet face was full of earnestness.
"I've never liked him.
He's an upstart and aa toad, and he thinks women are beneath him.
He's afraid of your skill as a watchmaker, that's my theory.
Afraid of seeing a woman surpass him."
She looked to her mother.
"Do you agree, Mama?"
"I do," she said with an emphatic nod and a sigh of relief.
Why would she be relieved by such an explanation?
Unless it wasn't the entire explanation, yet it meant not having to give me the other, more troubling one.
Part of me wanted to push her to tell me, but I suppressed the urge.
I didn't want to place her in an awkward position.
"My presence here is making things difficult for you," I said, rising.
"I'll leave."
"No, please stay longer," Catherine urged.
Her mother, however, rose too.
"It was lovely seeing you again, India.
Do take care."
She set about gathering the dishes, ignoring her daughter's narrow-eyed glare.
I took Catherine's hand and led her to the front door.
"You've been very kind, Catherine, but I won't visit for some time.
I don't want to trouble your parents any more than I have."
"Don't mind Mama."
She lowered her voice.
"Mr. Abercrombie and the guild frighten her.
She's not strong like you or me."
"And your father?
Do they frighten him too?"
"He must do as they say or risk censure."
"Yes, of course.
You're right."
It was selfish of me not to think about the predicament the Masons were in.
Whatever reason they had for being wary of me, explaining might get them into further trouble with the guild.
Trouble they could ill afford with an organization that held such power over their livelihood.
I needed to find another way to find the answers.
I had an idea.
"I wish I could give Mr. Abercrombie and the other Court members a piece of my mind.
Do you know when they next meet?"
Her eyes bulged.
"You're not considering going, are you?"
"Why not?"
"Becauseit's madness!
They'll all be against you, andand it would be awful."
"On the contrary.
I might finally get some answers.
Besides, what can they do to me now?
They've kept me from becoming a member, warned their members not to employ me, and almost had me arrested for a crime I didn't commit.
They've used their power to rob me of my home and my livelihood.
As I see it, I have nothing more to lose.
They cannot possibly take anything else from me, as I have nothing to take."
Her lower lip wobbled and she threw herself into my arms.
"Oh, India, you are the bravest soul."
Her voice shook and I felt a wet tear fall onto my neck.
"I wish I could do more to help you, but I feel so useless."
I hugged her and patted her back.
"You're doing more than enough simply by remaining my true friend.
Besides, you can help me.
You can tell me when the guild next meets."
She pulled away and wiped her cheeks with her thumb.
For a long moment, I thought she wouldn't answer me, then she said, "I overheard Papa tell Mama it's tonight at seven o'clock."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
I spent the afternoon looking for employment and suitable accommodation but my mind was on the task I'd set for myself that night.
I would confront the guild members about their changed attitude toward me and see if the reason behind it was merely their resentment of my gender or something more.
I would also ask them about Mr.
Mirth.
That way, Mr. Glass could come along.
While I didn't think they'd use force to throw me out, it would nevertheless give me more confidence to have him at my side.
My distracted mind was probably the reason I was unsuccessful in securing new employment.
I did, however, find clean and comfortable rooms to let on the second floor of a modest Bloomsbury house.
The landlady was a widow of the late curator of the British Museum's medieval collection and seemed relieved to have a female applicant.
I promised to deliver references before Tuesday.
I didn't tell her that my employer would leave London that day and I had nothing further lined up.
It was a mere forty minute walk back to Park Street, but a sudden burst of rain forced me to make an unscheduled stop beneath the butcher's awning at the Circus end of Oxford Street.
I waited with several shoppers who'd also been caught without umbrellas, much to the butcher's annoyance.
He huffed and puffed in the doorway but fortunately didn't force anyone to move on.
"Miss Steele?"
The voice behind me was familiar, yet I couldn't quite place it.
I turned, and drew in a sharp breath.
"Mr. Dorchester!
What a coincidence."
The fellow from the gambling house looked fairer in daylight; his eyes bluer.
They turned his rather ordinary face into something remarkable.
I couldn't look away.
He smiled and doffed his hat.
"It certainly is.
I see you've been caught without an umbrella."
"I have, and the rain looks set in for the day."
"Then allow me."
He handed me his folded umbrella.
"No, I couldn't possibly take it."
"Then may I walk you home and we can share it?
It's large enough."
It wasn't far to Park Street.
Besides, Mr. Dorchester was an amiable fellow and having some company might take my mind off the guild meeting.
"Thank you, I accept, as long as Park Street isn't out of your way."
"Not at all.
I was on my way home anyway."
"Is that nearby?"
"This side of Piccadilly Street, so not far."
We stepped out of the milling crowd, and he put up his umbrella.
Our arms touched as we walked so that neither of us got too wet.
"I must say, I'm glad to see you," he said as we passed shoppers hurrying to get out of the rain.
"I was worried about you."
"Oh, thank you, but we were fine."
Thanks largely to my aim.
"Nevertheless, I didn't like leaving you there, but Mr. Unger assured me you wouldn't come to harm.
If he hadn't promised, I would have insisted on staying."
I didn't tell him that Mr. Unger and the other gamblers hadn't been any assistance at all when we'd been attacked.
The incident was in the past, and I saw no reason to let Mr. Dorchester feel terrible for leaving us there.
"Did your friend win after I left?"
"She lost quite badly."
"That's a shame.
It doesn't look like a game for the faint of heart.
All that bluffingI'm not sure I have the right countenance for it."
"And what countenance do you think is required of a good poker player?"
"The ability to lie with a straight face."
I laughed.
"I quite agree.
It's not a game for me.
My father used to tell me that my thoughts were written all over my face."
"Your father is a wise fellow."
I didn't tell him my father should be mentioned in the past tense.
I was still very aware that Mr. Dorchester was a man and I a single woman alone.
Allowing him to think there was no man to care for me might give him ideas similar to those the horrible lords in the gambling house had.
Although I couldn't imagine Mr. Dorchester being like them, it never hurt to be cautious.
We maneuvered around a large puddle as we crossed New Bond Street then fell into step once again.
Our pace and stride matched, but I couldn't tell if that was a deliberate effort on his part.
"Tell me about your factory, Mr.
Dorchester."
He frowned.
"You cannot possibly be interested in that."
"I'm sure it's very interesting."
"Thank you, but I won't bore you with the details.
Tell me about yourself."
I provided him with the briefest summary, once again avoiding mentioning my father's death.
"I'm staying with Willie and her friends, newly arrived from America," I told him.
"But only until they leave on Tuesday."
"How does a watchmaker's daughter make friends from so far afield?"
"We met through an acquaintance."
Eddie could be considered an acquaintance of both Mr. Glass's and mine, so it wasn't a lie.
We talked the entire way back to Park Street, mostly about the sights he'd seen since arriving in London a few days before.
He'd combined a sightseeing journey with a visit to his lawyer's office, but was only in the city for a few more days.
I told him which coffee shops had the best coffee, and where he could find the best silks as gifts for his mother and sister back home.
That steered us onto the subject of his family.
Unlike me, he was quite keen to talk about them.
His eyes lit up even more as he did so.
By the time we reached Park Street, I was regretting parting company with him.
"This is me," I said, stopping at the steps of number sixteen.
I smiled up at him.
"Thank you for walking with me.
It was very kind of you to offer me refuge beneath your umbrella."
He chuckled softly.
"The pleasure was all mine."
He glanced past me to the door.
"I am glad you emerged safely from that ruckus last night, Miss Steele.
I was terribly worried about you after I left, asking myself if I'd done the right thing in leaving you there."
Something he said sparked a memory, but I couldn't place what it was.
Perhaps it was merely the horrid memory of the night before.
"May I be so bold as to ask you something?"
he said.
"Of course."
My heart skipped, but I wasn't sure why.
If Mr. Dorchester asked to see me again, I wasn't sure what I'd do.
Did I want to see him?
Did I want to get to know him further?
I supposed it couldn't hurt.
"Will you be at church tomorrow?"
he said.
"Yes, of course.
Why?"
"Because I'd like to know which one to attend in order to see you again."
I laughed and bowed my head to hide my blush.
"I believe Grosvenor Chapel is the nearest."
"Then I hope to see you in the morning."
He walked me up the steps and deposited me at the door.
"I'm glad I bumped into you, Miss Steele."
"So am I," I said.
"I'd be thoroughly wet otherwise."
He laughed, but I winced on the inside.
I'd made it sound like I'd used him for his umbrella.
I had enjoyed our walk together, but not in _that_ way, I realized.
Not in the same way I enjoyed Mr. Glass's company.
It was like comparing chocolate and apples.
Both tasted good, yet one was a decadent experience to be savored, and the other something that could be found in every grocer's cart on every corner.
I liked both, but I would always choose chocolate over an  apple.
"I hope I haven't caused you any trouble," he said.
"Not at all."
"It's just that you have an observer."
He nodded at the window.
The curtain fluttered, but not before I saw Miss Glass's face disappear from sight.
I smiled.
"Goodbye, Mr. Dorchester.
And thank you again."
I slipped inside and shut the door.
I'd barely removed one arm from my coat when Miss Glass emerged from the entrance to the sitting room.
"Who was that, dear?"
she asked.
"An acquaintance by the name of Dorchester."
"I don't know any Dorchesters."
"He's from Manchester."
"Manchester!"
She wrinkled her nose.
"What's he doing in London?"
"Visiting."
"From Manchester?"
she said, incredulous.
"It's hardly the other side of the world."
"It might as well be.
Those accents."
She shuddered.
"It's like listening to glass break."
"His accent is quite refined.
I didn't detect a hint of Mancunian."
She sniffed and I thought that the end of it, but she followed me all the way to the kitchen.
I fetched bread, cheese and plum jam from the pantry and set them out on the table.
"Have you eaten?"
I asked.
"Picket fixed me something earlier."
She sat at the stool and watched me spread jam on a slice of bread.
"He's not particularly handsome."
"Are we still discussing Mr.
Dorchester?"
"He's rather short too, and he had a way of walking that I didn't like."
I pressed my lips together to suppress my smile.
"Perhaps they walk differently in Manchester."
"I suppose he's in trade."
"He has a factory."
She clicked her tongue and picked at the cheese I sliced off the wedge but didn't eat it.
"You can do better than an ugly factory worker from Manchester."
"You forgot his odd walking style."
"This is not a joke, India."
I set down the knife with a sigh.
"I appreciate your concern, but there's no need.
I'm not considering Mr. Dorchester as a suitor."
"You may not be, but _he_ might be considering _you_.
Sometimes menI won't refer to him as a gentleman, since I don't know his connectionscan be difficult to remove once they latch onto you.
I've seen very eligible girls swept up by a romantic gesture from a man who is not at all  suitable."
I was about to protest that I wasn't susceptible to romantic gestures, but past experience showed that to be false.
While Eddie hadn't shouted his love for me from a rooftop, he had given me flowers and trinkets on a regular basis and been attentive from the start.
I stuffed my mouth full of bread and jam, to avoid answering, and hoped Miss Glass would leave the topic of Mr. Dorchester alone.
Unfortunately, she was only getting started and proceeded to warn me about the dangers of a woman alone in the world and men of unknown connections.
The only way I could see to stop her was to tell her that I'd learned my lesson from Eddie.
Thankfully Willie walked in, distracting Miss Glass.
I'd never been so pleased to see her, even though she wore an ominously thunderous expression.
"Bread?"
I offered.
"Cheese?"
"God, yes."
Willie descended on the table like a hawk on a field mouse.
"I'm half starved."
I handed her a slice of bread with jam and hoped it would be enough to chase her black mood away.
She bit into it, tearing off a chunk with her teeth like a lion ripping apart a poor creature it had just caught.
"Don't see you down here much," she said to Miss Glass around her mouthful.
Miss Glass looked horrified, which I suspected was Willie's intention.
"That Polly girl not feeding you?"
"Picket takes good care of me, thank you."
"Why do you call her by her last name?"
"It's the way things are done here.
I don't expect anyone from an American backwater to understand."
"Miss Glass wanted to talk to me about Mr. Dorchester," I said quickly, before Willie's temper had a chance to flare.
"He escorted me home just now."
"Who?"
"The man from the poker game last night.
The one who punched Lord Dennison."
"Punched!"
Miss Glass's hand fluttered at her black lace collar.
"I knew he was no good."
"He defended me," I said.
"Tosh.
He's a Dorchester from Manchester.
It even sounds ridiculous."
Willie snorted.
"That it does."
I couldn't help smiling, even though I wanted to defend him.
"That's not the point.
He was kind to me, and I like him, but not in _that_ way, " I assured Miss Glass.
"Nor will I be seduced by romantic gestures, if he performs any.
It takes more than trinkets and promises to intrigue me now."
"Good," Miss Glass said with a satisfied nod.
"I'm glad to hear it.
Your mother will be pleased that I saved you from an unfavorable attachment."
My mother?
Willie and I exchanged glances.
She drew a little circle at her temple and rolled her eyes, then stuffed more bread into her mouth.
"Perhaps you should have a rest," I said to Miss Glass.
"I do feel a little tired."
She wandered out of the kitchen, and I hoped she didn't wander out of the house altogether.
When I heard her maid's voice, my concern eased.
Polly would care for her.
Willie dragged over a stool and slumped onto it.
She threw down her uneaten bread, smearing jam on the table.
It would seem her mood hadn't been lifted by our discussion.
"You're still upset about your locket," I said, sitting too.
I reached for her hand but she snatched it away.
"I went to see Travers."
Oh dear.
I didn't need a crystal ball to see where this was going.
"Did he speak to you?"
She nodded.
"I offered to buy back the locket, but he refused."
I doubted she had any money left after the previous night, but I didn't ask where she planned on getting the funds.
"He said I could try to win it back," she went on.
"You told him no, didn't you?"
"I had to.
I have nothing more to my name, and Matt, Duke and Cyclops won't lend me nothing.
They hate me playing poker.
They warned me this would happen."
She placed her forehead in the crook of her arm on the table.
"They must be patting themselves on their backs now."
"That doesn't sound like something they would do."
I touched her shoulder, but she shrugged me off.
"What if you offer Lord Travers double its worth, then ask Mr. Glass for a loan?
I'm sure he'll help if he knows it'll get the locket back for certain."
"Travers won't accept it.
He wants to play poker, and what the high and mighty lord wants, the high and mighty lord gets."
She proceeded to call him a vile name that had me blushing.
I tried to think of another solution but came up with nothing.
She'd brought this on herself, and I shouldn't feel sorry for her but I did.
Although I couldn't see her face, I knew from her sniffing that she was crying.
"Do you think you can beat him?"
I asked.
"Yes.
If I'm dealt good cards and he doesn't cheat again."
I sighed.
It was hopeless.
"You should speak to Matt.
I mean, Mr. Glass.
Perhaps he can talk to Lord Travers, man-to-man.
It's unfair, but Travers strikes me as a fellow who respects men and not women.
Mr. Glass has a way with words and might be able to convince him to sell the locket back to you."
She sat up straight and swiped at her eyes and cheeks.
"Don't tell him, India.
What you're saying makes sense, and if anyone can convince Travers, it's Matt.
But he's got so much on his plate right now, he doesn't need the extra burden.
Nor does he have the time."
It was the least selfish display I'd seen from her, and it quite flipped my opinion.
"He's quite ill, isn't he?"
I asked softly.
I hardly breathed as I waited for her answer.
It came in the form of a small nod, nothing more.
"What does his doctor say?"
I pressed.
She hopped off the stool.
"Matt wouldn't want me discussing it, so don't ask."
"But"
"His health is not your concern."
She grasped my shoulders and shook them.
"Your job is to find the watchmaker.
Even if Matt's caught up with other matters, you must continue with the search on your own."
She shook me again, harder this time.
"Promise me that you will."
"I will," I said.
"I promise.
There's an important guild meeting tonight.
Several watchmakers will be there.
Attending it will save a lot of time over seeing them individually."
She let me go.
Relief flooded her face.
She even smiled, sort of.
It was twitchy and uncertain, but it was an improvement on her scowl.
"Good."
Unfortunately, my plan to take Mr. Glass with me to the meeting didn't come to pass.
He hadn't returned home by seven o'clock.
Waiting longer might mean missing the meeting altogether.
I would have taken Cyclops or Duke, but they were still out too.
Willie would probably have come, but she was a volatile weapon that might go off at the wrong time.
I would have to face the guild alone.
I wasn't looking forward to it.
* Chapter 13 Chapter 13{{{1 # Chapter 13
The Worshipful Company of Watchmakers met in their modern Warwick Lane hall not far from St. Paul's.
The building had only been completed two years ago, and I'd never been inside.
The red bricks and heavily carved arched doorway surround were clean compared to their sooty neighbors, and the colors on the coat of arms were still vibrant.
The loincloth-clad Old Man Time and the robed emperor glared down at me from their position above the door, looking stern as they clutched hourglass and scepter respectively.
_Tempvs Rervm Imperator_ , so the motto reminded me.
_Time is the ruler of all things_.
Indeed.
Time had certainly ruled me of late, as it did with Mr. Glass.
His hourglass was running out.
I knocked, and a middle-aged man with bushy white eyebrows opened the door.
I didn't recognize him.
"Yes?"
he intoned.
I barreled past him, taking him by surprise.
"Stop!
This is a private hall."
"I need to speak with the Court," I tossed over my shoulder.
"It will only take a moment."
I charged past the stained glass windows and the wooden paneling, wondering if any of the clocks on display belonged to my ancestors.
There was no time to check the plaques.
The porter was quickly bearing down on me.
I pushed open the nearest door and was rewarded with some twenty heads turning my way.
I'd found the court room where the members met.
Meetings were only compulsory for the ten elected Court of Assistants, the men in charge of the day-to-day running of the guild, but were open to all members.
Twenty was a good turnout.
"India!"
Eddie pushed to his feet, a look of utter stupefaction on his face.
"What are you doing?
You shouldn't be here."
"That's what I tried telling her," said the porter, wheezing beside me.
He tried to grab my elbow, but I stepped out of his way.
"Leave her, Mr. Carter," said Mr. Abercrombie.
He sat at the head of the table, the crimson velvet and white fur master's robe draped around his shoulders, the ceremonial scepter lying on the table in front of an open ledger.
All he needed was a crown and he'd resemble the emperor in the coat of arms that hung behind him.
"We don't want this descending into a farce."
"So you don't want me calling the constables?"
Carter asked.
Mr. Abercrombie sighed.
"I don't think they'd help us."
Thank goodness for that.
My greatest fear had been that he would have me arrested for the so-called theft from his shop.
It would seem he'd well and truly abandoned that accusation.
"Miss Steele, I won't pretend that I'm glad to see you."
He flicked his hand at Carter, and the porter exited with a bow.
I scanned the faces of the men at the table as Eddie resumed his seat.
I recognized all of them.
Eddie was by far the youngest.
Everyone else had white, gray or balding heads.
Mr. Mason wasn't present.
Mr. Abercrombie beckoned me with a crook of his finger.
"Come closer, Miss Steele."
I inched forward, feeling very much like a lowly courtier who'd caught the king's disapproving eye.
I stopped well back from the table, but the fellows at the nearest end shuffled their chairs farther away.
I tried to recall the speech I'd rehearsed on the way over, but the beginning evaded me.
"India," Eddie said, in a voice deeper than his usual one.
It sounded so ridiculously false that I almost giggled.
He puffed out his chest and sat very erect in the chair, no doubt to make himself appear larger and more commanding among such important men.
"What's the meaning of this?"
"Quiet, please, Mr. Hardacre," Abercrombie said with a lift of his hand.
He removed his pince nez and placed it on the ledger.
"Allow me to interrogate her."
Interrogate?
Oh no, no, no.
I hadn't come so that _he_ could ask questions of _me_.
"Mr. Abercrombie, I would like some answers."
"Then you shall have them."
All heads swung round to look at him.
"What?"
more than one of them snapped.
"Don't," said others.
Abercrombie held up his hand for silence.
I didn't trust his sly smile, his apparent openness.
I forged on anyway.
"Why are you all afraid of me?"
"Afraid of you?"
He laughed.
"Don't be absurd.
You're just a little woman.
None of us are _afraid_ of you. "
His laughter was eventually joined by a smattering of others, all of them half-hearted, cautious.
I abandoned that angle and picked up another.
"As most of you know, my employer, Mr. Glass, is searching for a particular watchmaker, who may or may not go by the name of Mirth.
Do any of you know Mr.
Mirth?"
Several members looked to Abercrombie.
"I know him," Abercrombie said.
I was so surprised that I stepped forward before I remembered I didn't want to get too close.
"Mirth isn't the fellow your employer seeks," he went on.
"How do you know?"
"The confusion came about because Mirth traveled overseas at the same time as Mr. Glass says his mysterious watchmaker was in America.
Mirth did not travel to America, however, but to Prussia."
"How can you be sure?"
"Because he confided in me at the time.
He was looking for his daughter.
She'd run off with a foreigner.
Sadly, he never found her, which goes some way to explaining why he never re-opened his shop.
He no longer had the heart for it.
I'm afraid he's been something of a lost man ever since."
It sounded plausible, but I couldn't trust him to tell me the truth.
He hated me and would try to thwart me at every turn.
To what end, however, I couldn't fathom.
"Then why did he suddenly disappear from the Aged Christian Society house?"
He spread out his hands.
"Your guess is as good as mine.
I haven't seen much of him of late."
He picked up his pince nez and tapped it on the ledger in front of him.
"All I know is the small allowance he receives from the guild is paid into an account at the Bank of England, and will continue to be until such time as we hear of his death.
We do what we can for all our members in need, past and present."
"Hear, hear," said one man, as another thumped the table in agreement.
"Do you know of anyone else who traveled overseas about five years ago?"
I asked, searching their faces as I spoke, hoping to find a hint of recognition in one of them.
Those that met my gaze were blank.
Those that did not looked to Abercrombie.
"No," he said.
Several clocks, both within the court room and without, chimed half seven with orchestral rhythm.
I steeled myself.
"I don't believe you."
A collective intake of breath echoed around the room.
"Miss Steele, have you considered that the watchmaker doesn't want to be found?"
Abercrombie asked.
"We've considered that he might be dead, but why wouldn't he want to be found?"
He once again set down his pince nez.
"Your employer, Mr. Glass"
"Yes?"
"What do you know about him?"
"What's your point, Mr.
Abercrombie?"
Eddie shook his head and rolled his eyes.
No doubt he was congratulating himself on becoming un-engaged to such a difficult woman.
"My point is," Abercrombie said, "Mr. Glass threatened me."
So he did, did he?
It was difficult to keep the smile off my lips and out of my voice.
"I can't pretend I'm sorry.
You accused me of stealing, and whatever you all think of me, I am not a thief."
Several of them shifted uncomfortably in their seats.
Eddie no longer met my gaze.
Abercrombie merely lifted a hand in dismissal, as if my concerns over his accusation weren't important.
"That incident is not up for discussion," he said.
"I beg to differ.
I'd very much like to know why you did it.
I could have gone to prison if it hadn't been for Mr. Glass stepping in on my behalf.
I am not sorry that he threatened you.
Not in the least."
"It wasn't merely his threats."
He waved his hand again.
"But that's by the by.
Water under the bridge.
We should all move on."
Dear lord, hold me back from leaping across the table and strangling him.
"Mr. Glass saw an injustice occur, and he stepped in to save me.
I think that noble.
Are you implying something else about his character?"
"I'm merely suggesting that you should be careful with whom you associate, Miss Steele.
After he pressured me to drop the accusation, I decided to do some research.
What I learned was that your _employer_ ," he said with a sneering curl of his top lip, "associates with criminals."
I already knew about his mother's family, but it was a timely reminder nevertheless.
"That's the best case scenario," Abercrombie went on.
"Best case?"
I echoed.
"At worst, he is a criminal himself."
Several of the members gasped, including Eddie.
I did not.
From the smug look on Abercrombie's face, he knew that I'd already suspected Mr. Glass of being the Dark Rider.
"Anyone who's read the newspaper of late will be aware that the American outlaw known as the Dark Rider is here in England," he said.
"It's not a big stretch to connect him to Mr. Glass.
Indeed, it's not a big stretch to say that the one is also the other."
"You can't say that for certain."
Abercrombie shook his head.
"You're naive for your age.
Out of respect for your father, I must warn you against men like Mr.
Glass."
"Do not bring my father into this," I growled.
"Calm down, India," Eddie said.
"Your father was a member in good standing here.
No one is deriding him."
"Do shut up, Eddie."
A couple of members smirked, but the man sitting beside Eddie turned to him and said, "Was she always this willful?"
Eddie shook his head.
"If I'd known earlier, I would never have asked for her hand."
"And missed out on inheriting my shop?"
I snarled.
"It was never _your_ shop to begin with. "
Eddie's retort was met with a series of nods from the other members.
"Perhaps the watchmaker that Mr. Glass wants to find is also a criminal," Abercrombie said, stroking his oiled moustache.
"That might explain why he doesn't want to be found and why no one here can identify him.
The Worshipful Company of Watchmakers upholds the very highest of principles.
Our members are honorable, decent men and do not associate with outlaws.
Consider that, Miss Steele," he said, interrupting my protest.
"Consider that the reason it's been so difficult to find the watchmaker is because he's a wanted man.
Wanted men associate with other wanted men, and Mr. Glass's visit coincides neatly with that of the Dark Rider.
Too neatly, an independent observer would say."
A chill trickled down my spine and raised the hairs on the back of my neck.
I wanted to disagree with him, but I could not.
I had no evidence of Mr. Glass's innocence and quite a pile suggesting his guilt, from the coincidence of his and the Dark Rider's arrival, to his fighting ability, connection to the Johnsons, and now his threats toward Abercrombie.
I swallowed loudly.
"In memory of your father's long-standing membership in the guild," Abercrombie went on, "I will offer you some advice, Miss Steele.
Sever ties with Mr. Glass.
Tell him you can no longer assist him in his search.
Your father would be disappointed to see that you've fallen in with a disreputable crowd."
"Buthe's related to Lord Rycroft."
My voice sounded weak, pathetic.
I didn't believe his association with the Rycroft title mattered, considering he'd only just met them.
Abercrombie merely spread out his hands, as if to say, "So?"
Eddie shifted in his chair and leaned forward.
His face brightened.
He turned to Abercrombie for a moment, then to me.
"Indeed, it's Mr. Glass's reputation as the Dark Rider that has us all wary of you, India."
He looked to his fellow members, one pale eyebrow lifted in a hopeful tilt.
Abercrombie urged him with a small nod.
"We told you earlier that it's not _you_ who worries us, India.
That's because it's Mr.
Glass."
I didn't quite believe him.
Why not mention this before?
Yet it was logical.
Too logical.
I couldn't fault it.
Eddie once again looked to Abercrombie.
The master of the guild ignored him.
"If you have any sense, Miss Steele," Abercromie said, "you would notify the police and have him arrested.
We would do it, but it might be seen as vengeful after his recent threats toward me.
If _you_ were to speak to them about your suspicions, however, I'm sure you'll be taken  seriously."
He gave me a flat smile that several of the other members echoed, including Eddie.
The smiles were false, but that didn't lessen the impact of Abercrombie's words.
Because I knew he was right.
Mr. Glass must be the Dark Rider.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
I didn't see Mr. Glass until the following morning.
He must have come home extremely late, and it showed in the deep bruising beneath his eyes, the paleness of his cheeks, and his tardiness in joining us for breakfast.
He'd shaved, but not well, missing some of the dark stubble near his ears and the underside of his jaw.
He hadn't bothered to put on a tie or waistcoat.
Clearly his special watch wasn't enough, and he required more sleep to help battle his mysterious illness.
"Eat quickly, Matthew," Miss Glass said with a smile for her nephew.
"We don't have much time."
"For what?"
he asked, carrying his plate and cup to the table.
He gave me a small smile, which I tried to return without letting on that my thoughts were in turmoil.
I'd tossed in bed half the night thinking about all the awful things the Dark Rider had done and whether I ought to pass on my suspicions to the police.
"For church, of course," Miss Glass said.
She had joined us for breakfast today, whereas she usually ate alone in her room.
She seemed particularly spritely and alert.
Perhaps she enjoyed churchor simply getting out of the house.
I ought to walk with her later, if Mr. Glass didn't need me.
"Church?
It's Sunday already?"
Mr. Glass pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes shut.
"You will go, won't you, Matthew?"
"No, he won't," Willie said.
"He doesn't have the time."
"I beg your pardon, young lady."
Miss Glass's lips pursed so tight they went white.
"Are you a heathen?"
"I'm as godly as you, and I pray as regular as anyone.
_I'll_ go, but Matt's too  busy."
"Nobody is too busy to worship."
"Enough," Mr. Glass said on a long sigh.
"Do you wish to attend church this morning, Miss Steele?"
"Me?"
"I need you to continue our search today, but if you prefer to attend the service"
Mr. Dorchester had hinted that he might attend church to see me, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to see him.
Miss Glass may have been correct and he may be interested in being more than a friend.
I wasn't prepared to take that path.
"Yet," a little voice in my head said.
"Most watchmakers will be in church too, so I don't think we'll have much luck if we pay calls this morning."
Willie clicked her tongue and huffed out a breath.
"We're running out of time," she muttered to the fried eggs on her plate.
Mr. Glass folded his hand over hers.
"It'll be an hour and a half, at the most.
And Miss Steele is correct.
No one will be home this morning."
"I have news," I said.
"I went to the Watchmakers' Guild meeting last night and"
"You did _what_? "
Mr. Glass's bellow made his aunt jump, and every one else look at him warily.
"Why did you go without me?"
"You weren't here.
I had planned"
"Then you should not have gone at all.
Going alone was dangerous, considering what Abercrombie tried to do."
I swallowed.
"I was aware of that, but after due consideration, I decided he was no longer going to follow up on his accusation.
Thanks to whatever it was you saidor didto him."
He grunted.
"Nevertheless, it was a risk you shouldn't have taken."
"It was a risk that paid off.
I learned that the members in attendance don't know of any watchmakers who traveled overseas five years ago.
That's twenty we no longer need to visit.
I recognized them all and wrote their names down as soon as I returned home."
"Damn good work, India," Willie said, with more admiration in her voice than I'd ever heard when she addressed me.
Both Duke and Cyclops praised me too.
Miss Glass seemed to have fallen into one of her dazes, and Mr. Glass continued to scowl at me but a little more softly.
"Not only that," I went on, "but Mr. Abercrombie informed me that he knows Mirth and believes he's not the man you seek."
"How so?"
"Mirth traveled to Prussia, not America, in search of his wayward daughter.
He returned a broken man without her and had no interest in his shop anymore."
"He could be lying."
"Why would he lie?"
His gaze slid away.
"Because he doesn't like you," Duke said with a shrug.
Cyclops shifted in his seat and Duke winced then glared at him.
I suspected his friend had just kicked him under the table.
"Yes," I said, deciding to tackle the issue head on.
"But _why_ doesn't he like  me?"
"Because you're a woman," Willie said quickly.
"You're cleverer than he is and you challenge the rules he lives by.
You threaten the foundations of the patriarchal system he profits from."
"Patri-what?"
Duke asked, screwing up his face.
"Willie, you going all educated on me?"
Cyclops grinned.
"She's been hiding her light from you, Duke."
"She's been hiding something.
Not sure it's a light though."
"And I'm not sure that explains why Mr. Abercrombie dislikes me so intensely," I said.
"But I can see that no one wishes to tell me."
I pushed back my chair and made my exit.
I didn't turn around, even though I could feel their gazes boring into me.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
I nodded at Mr. Dorchester when I spotted him sitting at the back of Grosvenor Chapel as we walked past.
He smiled.
"Who's that?"
Mr. Glass whispered.
"An acquaintance we met at the gambling house," I said as we took our seats three pews in front of Mr. Dorchester.
Mr. Glass looked over his shoulder and nodded a greeting then turned back to me.
"Was he involved in the incident that caused Willie to draw her Colt?"
"He'd left by then."
I didn't speak to Mr. Glass again until after the service as we made our way out.
As we exited the narthex, he suddenly caught my elbow and steered me to the right.
It wasn't until we drew clear of the crowd of parishioners that I saw Mr. Dorchester on the left, waiting.
He spotted me and waved.
I waved back.
"One moment," I said to Mr. Glass.
Mr. Dorchester had come to Grosvenor Chapel specifically to see me.
The least I could do was exchange a few pleasantries with him.
It would be rude not to.
I pulled away from Mr. Glass and met Mr. Dorchester as he approached.
"Good morning," I said, smiling.
"Good morning, Miss Steele."
He doffed his hat.
"It's lovely to see you again.
I'm glad I came."
His gaze rose.
He nodded in greeting.
I turned to see Mr. Glass standing behind me, all dark scowl and hard features.
I made the introductions.
"You play poker?"
Mr. Glass asked.
"Not at all," Mr. Dorchester said on a laugh.
"I went to learn what it was all about, but decided the game is not for me.
It was an, er, interesting night though.
Wasn't it, Miss Steele?"
His cheerful manner had me wondering if he was referring to something I'd not been aware of.
As far as I was concerned, nothing cheery happened that night.
Mr. Dorchester's gaze flicked from my face to that of Mr. Glass behind me.
He cleared his throat more than once, and the silence stretched.
It seemed rude to leave immediately, so I searched for something to say.
"It looks like being a pleasant afternoon," I began.
Mr. Dorchester smiled.
"It does.
Perfect for a walk around Hyde Park.
Miss Steele, may I be so bold as to invite you to join me?"
I opened and shut my mouth without words coming out.
Then suddenly Mr. Glass was right at my back, so close that I could feel his warmth.
Fortunately he didn't answer for me.
If he had, I would have been quite cross.
"I'm afraid I'm busy all afternoon," I told Mr. Dorchester.
"But thank you for the invitation.
It's appreciated."
He lifted his brows, not at me, but at Mr. Glass.
His jaw hardened.
"I see."
He touched the brim of his hat.
"Good day, Miss Steele.
Mr.
Glass."
He strode off.
Mr. Glass came up beside me and offered me his elbow.
"Ready?"
I hesitated.
Now that the moment had arrived, I wasn't sure if leaving with him was a wise idea.
We would be alone in the carriage the entire afternoon.
There would be no opportunity to go to the police and tell them my suspicions about him being the Dark Rider.
And there would be no opportunity to escape.
Duke, Willie and Miss Glass decided to walk back to the house, while Cyclops climbed onto the driver's seat.
He pulled his crumpled map out and I pointed to the areas we would cover.
Mr. Glass held the door open for me then shut it as he sat opposite.
As the carriage lurched onward, he scanned the street out the window.
"Every time we go out, your nose is glued to the window," I said.
"Are you expecting the intruder to follow us?"
I thought he wouldn't answer, or would dismiss me with a story, but he sat back with a resigned sigh.
"I've had word that someone I know is looking for me."
The sheriff.
I nodded quickly, but could no longer meet his gaze.
Why had I not gone to the police before now, particularly after learning about the lawman who'd followed Matt here?
I was a bloody fool, that's why.
"That fellow, Dorchester," he said stiffly.
"What interest does he have in you?"
The question caught me off guard but not as much as his earnest, piercing stare.
There wasn't a hint of tiredness in it now as he focused on me.
"I know you Americans are bolder than we English, but I think even you know that your question is overstepping the boundaries of our relationship."
I sounded like a prim schoolmistress, and yet I couldn't help my clipped tone.
"His interest in me is none of your affair."
My admonishment had no effect on him.
His gaze didn't waver, his jaw didn't soften.
"It _is_ my  affair."
"Why?"
Finally, he blinked.
He looked away and rubbed his chin.
"What if he's the intruder?"
I laughed, but there was no humor in it.
"Clearly you need more sleep if that's the direction your mind is wandering."
"I am simply worried about your welfare."
"Don't be.
I can take care of myself where the likes of Mr. Dorchester are concerned.
He's quite harmless."
His gaze snapped back to mine.
"How can you be sure?"
"He's been very nice to me.
He saved me from a brute the other night, if you must know.
That's not the action of someone intent on doing me harm.
Quite the opposite."
"What do you mean, he saved you?"
I waved his question off.
"It no longer matters.
Mr. Dorchester is a good man, and I think he likes me.
That's all.
Or are you telling me that I'm not the sort of woman who would interest a gentleman?"
"That is not what I'm saying at all," he ground out through a rigid jaw.
"Then what are you saying?"
He planted his hands on his knees and leaned forward.
"I'm saying that not everyone is as they seem.
You hardly know him."
My blood turned to ice in my veins.
A foggy sensation descended over me, and I felt somewhat disembodied, like I wasn't in control of my mind any longer.
"I hardly know _you_ , either."
My voice sounded hard, sharp.
"And the facts I do know frighten me.
Yet you dare to call _him_ the untrustworthy  one."
He straightened.
"What facts?"
"The fact that your mother's family are outlaws.
The fact that a sheriff is chasing you.
The fact that you arrived in England at the same time as the Dark Rider."
Each sentence was like a punch, pushing him a little further toward the back of the seat.
"The fact that your special watch temporarily reinvigorates you by injecting asubstance into your veins that makes them glow."
His hands gripped the seat edge on either side of him.
The knuckles turned white.
"You are an observant woman."
I pressed a hand to my stomach and waited for him to refute my facts.
He did not.
Not even one.
He turned to look out the window and declined to speak to me for the remainder of the journey.
We ended our search well before the sun set.
Mr. Glass was too tired to continue, despite using his watch to re-energize himself a little after we paused for lunch at an inn in Hampstead.
He pretended he needed to speak to Cyclops in the yard, but I knew he'd gone to use his watch in private.
Why else would he close the carriage curtains?
We had no success.
Some of the watchmakers we visited weren't home, and those that were treated us with reservation.
We were not offered tea, and children and wives were ordered to leave our presence.
One watchmaker shut the door upon spying me approaching.
I remained in the carriage after that and allowed Mr. Glass to do all the talking.
We returned to the house and he went immediately to his rooms.
Willie and Duke must have noticed the carriage roll up.
They greeted us at the door, hope lifting their faces.
Their expressions soon fell when they saw Mr. Glass's stooped shoulders and heavy eyelids.
He didn't exchange a single word with them and headed straight for the stairs.
Every step seemed to take enormous effort, as if he could barely put one foot in front of the other.
We watched him until he disappeared.
"It's hopeless, isn't it?"
Willie looked to Duke, tears in her eyes.
"There's always hope."
He turned to look at me and frowned.
I waited, but he said nothing, he simply looked.
"Do you think?"
Willie asked him.
"I don't know," he said.
"Ask her."
"Ask me what?"
I looked from one to the other, but it was as if I wasn't there anymore.
Unspoken words seemed to pass between them, and I hadn't a clue as to their nature.
I cleared my throat.
"He'll be furious if we do," Duke cautioned.
"Only if she doesn't know," Willie said.
"If she does know, then no harm done.
In fact, if she does know then it could change everything.
She could cure him."
"What?"
I blurted out, half laughing.
"But if she does know, wouldn't she have said something already?"
Duke said.
"That's what he says."
I stamped my hands on my hips.
"Will you tell me what you're talking about!"
"I'm asking her," Willie declared.
Duke clicked his tongue and shook his head.
"I don't think"
"India, are you magical?"
* Chapter 14 Chapter 14{{{1 # Chapter 14
Magical?
Had Willie lost her mind?
Duke too?
"I don't know what stories your government tells you in America, but magic doesn't exist," I said.
"Not here and not there."
I laughed and waited for them to join in.
They didn't.
"It's the stuff of children's fantasies," I added, sobering.
The hope glinting in their eyes vanished.
Willie looked as if she were trying not to cry.
"Do you, or do you not, possess magic?"
she said again in a thin, strained voice.
"Going by her shocked expression, she doesn't."
Duke sighed.
"Forget we said anything, Miss Steele.
And don't tell Mr. Glass about this discussion.
He'd have our heads."
"But Matt said it's warmer when she's near, like it's responding to her."
She believed his watch reacted to my presence too?
And I'd thought Miss Glass was the mad one.
"Don't," Duke warned.
"Enough now.
He was mistaken."
"He's never mistaken."
Willie's face crumpled.
"About anything.
Ever."
She turned and ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
I stared after her.
I didn't know for how long.
Time slowed.
The air thickened.
My breaths sounded labored and my blood felt sluggish.
_Magic._
The word rattled around in my head.
I grappled for some clear thoughts, but they were like ribbons tossed by the breeze.
I would grasp the end of one, only to have it ripped from my fingers before I could gather it all.
The hand on my arm brought me out of my trance.
"Miss Steele?"
Duke said gently.
"Are you all right?"
I nodded numbly.
"Dukewhat did Willie mean when she asked about Mr. Glass's watch responding to me?"
"So you've felt it?"
His fingers tightened.
"It does speak to you?"
"No.
Sowhat is it?
How does it work?
Why does it glow like that and make his veins glow too?"
If he said magic, then I'dwhat?
Pack my things and leave?
"So you've seen it," he said.
"You've seen it work on him."
I nodded.
"But how does that watch help Mr. Glass feel better?
I don't understand."
"It doesn't," he said heavily.
"That's the problem.
It used to, and now it's broken."
"Broken?"
"It used to make him feel better for longer.
He could go days without needing to use it again.
Now it's only a few hours."
"I see."
"Do you?"
I shook my head.
He sighed.
"Thought not."
He glanced up the staircase.
"Best forget this conversation ever happened, Miss Steele.
Best not mention it to Matt.
He won't like that we told you about magic."
"Why not?"
Because he didn't want me to know he was as mad as them?
As mad as his aunt?
"Because it's a secret."
"From me?"
"From everyone."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
It was clear from the expressions at the breakfast table that they held little hope of finding the watchmaker on the final day of the search.
Even Miss Glass seemed forlorn, and she wasn't aware of what was at stake.
Perhaps she was simply anxious because she knew her nephew was leaving the following day; although she continued to deny it.
When she caught Duke and Cyclops discussing departure plans, she scolded them for wasting time on "nonsense."
As we were about to leave, Willie signaled me to speak with her in private.
If she started spouting about magic again, I would walk away.
I refused to be taken for a fool.
After spending many hours lying in bed thinking about what she and Duke had said, I'd managed to see through the veils they'd been trying to cast over my eyes.
What I saw was just as worrying, however, as Mr. Glass being the Dark Rider.
He must be an opium addict.
Or if not opium, some other potent substance that made his veins glow.
The watch was a clever device that hid the substance in liquid form.
It likely also hid a tiny syringe that he used to inject the liquid into himself as he held the watch in his palm.
Whether it was also a functioning timepiece remained to be seen.
Clearly the device had stopped working properly and so he needed the original maker to fix it.
I'd never seen such a watch before, so it most likely required special care.
I hadn't yet worked out why he couldn't inject the substance into himself without using the watch, but there must be a reason.
I did not plan to tell any of them that I knew their secret.
I did plan on telling the police that I'd found the Dark Rider.
Just as soon as I could get away.
"You must do your absolute best to find the watchmaker today," Willie told me.
She took my hands and wrung them so hard I had to ask her to let go.
"You know how important this is.
You _know_. "
I didn't tell her that it was almost hopeless.
Or that the police would be stopping them from leaving tomorrow.
Perhaps.
Oh, I didn't know what to do!
Perhaps I ought to remain silent.
No one had harmed me.
Indeed, Mr. Glass had saved me from Abercrombie and the thugs and seen that I was well cared for.
To betray his trust would be cruel.
Besides, if they left tomorrow, they would no longer be England's problem.
As far as I could see, they'd done nothing illegal here anyway.
He tried to engage me in conversation in the carriage, but I wasn't keen to talk.
I was in turmoil.
Not only about telling the police but also about his addiction.
Should I try to help him?
Could it explain his outlaw ways?
If he was desperate for opium and couldn't afford it, then he would need to steal to pay for it.
Perhaps if his addiction went away, there would be no need for criminal activity.
"You're very quiet today," he said.
"Am I?"
He smiled crookedly.
"Thinking about how much you'll miss me when I'm gone?"
I rolled my eyes.
"Thinking about where I'll live and what I'll do."
Which only reminded me that I hadn't asked him for a reference yet.
I was about to when he said, "Perhaps we'll need to postpone our journey.
Even if we do find the watchmaker, there's no need to hurry back.
I like it here.
London intrigues me.
And, to be honest, there's not much to keep me in America."
"Your friends and Willie will be disappointed."
"They don't have to stay."
"Disappointed to leave you behind, I mean.
They're very fond of you."
"And I them."
"If you stay, you will require my assistance."
It wasn't a question, for I knew the answer before he spoke.
He nodded.
"I would like you to help me.
Would you, on the same terms?"
My gaze slid to the window.
"I don't know.
II don't know what to think anymore.
About anything."
He leaned forward and rested his hand on mine.
It was probably meant to be a reassuring gesture, but it made my heart skip to a more erratic beat.
"I'm sorry I'm not the easiest of men at times."
I blinked at him.
He did not remove his hand, nor did I want him to.
"You have nothing to apologize for."
Not to me.
He'd been the perfect gentleman at all times.
Hot tears rushed to my eyes and I had to once again look out the window so he couldn't see.
His thumb stroked mine, gentle and insistent.
My breath hitched at the intimacy of it.
I shouldn't want him to touch me like that.
Not thisoutlaw, this addict.
But I couldn't bring myself to tell him to stop.
I simply sat there and allowed him to do it.
"India," he said, his voice low and rough.
"May I call you that?"
I nodded.
He let me go, but only to touch my chin and gently force me to look at him.
"Then you must call me Matt or Matthew from now on."
I nodded again.
"I know we're not friends," he said.
"Not really.
ButI feel a connection to you, and I hope you feel the same with me."
I sucked on the inside of my cheek.
I nodded again, unable to speak, and not daring to disagree.
Not wanting to.
"Good.
ThenI need to say something to you."
He let my chin go and rested his hand on his knee.
He lowered his head and shook it slightly.
After a moment, he looked up.
"Why is a remarkable woman like you not married?"
That wasn't what he wanted to say.
For starters, it had been a question and yet he'd said he wanted to _say_ something to me.
So what had been on his mind?
Was he going to tell me a magical watch was keeping him alive?
That he was addicted to opium?
Or that he was an  outlaw?
The carriage slowed and he leaned back.
He wasn't even interested in my answer.
The first watchmaker on the list was a Mr. Ingham, a short, round man with a bald head and a pair of spectacles perched on the end of his nose.
He took one look at me and inched away from the counter.
I stood to one side as Mr. GlassMattspoke to him about Chronos.
As Mr. Ingham told him he didn't know anyone fitting that description, my gaze fell on the newspaper spread out on the counter nearby.
The main article was about the Dark Rider again; the police believed he was here in London, based on information received from their American counterparts.
As Matt turned to go, Mr. Ingham glanced at me then down at the paper and up at me again.
He scooped it up.
"Good day, Miss Steele."
"Good day, Mr. Ingham," I said and followed Matt out of the shop.
We accomplished a great deal, visiting many shops and only stopping for a quick bite to eat and for Matt to use his watch while I powdered my nose in a Wandsworth inn.
We did not have any luck, however, and headed back to Mayfair in a thoughtfully grim mood.
"That's all the watchmakers I know in the city," I said.
"There are others, of course, but I've never met them.
Even if you do remain in London to continue your search, you don't require my services anymore.
I can't help you."
He'd closed his eyes upon settling in the carriage, and now he raised his eyelids slowly, half way.
The effect lent him a lazy, dissolute air.
"I beg to differ.
You're familiar with London.
I'll need a guide."
"Cyclops knows where we haven't been.
He can drive you without my guidance."
He closed his eyes again and I thought he'd fallen asleep, when his eyes suddenly reopened.
He grinned.
It was so unexpected that I couldn't help smiling back at seeing the change in him.
"I've got it!
You can be my aunt's companion."
"Me?
A lady's companion?"
I snorted.
"Don't be ridiculous."
"Why not?
You're honest."
He held up a finger.
"Easy to get along with."
Another finger rose.
"Kind."
He lifted a third.
"And my aunt likes you.
There.
It's settled.
You'll live with her."
"Where?
At your house, or is she moving back to Lord Rycroft's after you've gone?"
He rubbed his forehead.
"It looks like I'll be staying.
I want you both to live with me."
I didn't say anything, and he didn't seem to require an answer.
He closed his eyes again and tipped his head back.
After a moment, his head tilted to the side and his breathing became even.
He'd fallen asleep.
I had to shake him awake when we arrived back at the house.
He didn't look at all refreshed; rather, he looked wearier than ever.
"Why didn't you use your watch again?"
I asked before I realized that I'd just told him I knew what he used it for.
He eyed me closely and my heart stopped.
I swallowed.
Would he hate me for knowing about his addiction?
He didn't answer me, but got out and unfolded the step for me.
I took his offered hand and climbed down.
He did not let me go when my feet hit the pavement but tightened his grip.
"Matthew."
I didn't know why I said his name.
If I'd planned on asking or saying something, it immediately flew from my mind when he drew me closer.
"Yes?"
he murmured.
His small finger hooked mine.
We stood as close as my skirts would allow, his face only inches above me.
He looked exhausted, and yet he was still so handsome.
His illness didn't lessen that.
"You should go inside to rest," I said, stepping back.
He didn't let go of my finger.
"India"
"She's right," Cyclops called down from the driver's seat.
"Go inside, Matt.
Rest."
Matt turned his frosty glare onto his friend but let me go.
As Cyclops drove the carriage off, I headed up the steps.
Willie opened the door, but the hope in her eyes soon vanished.
"You look awful," she said.
"You should rest."
"I know," he snapped.
Willie's chin wobbled.
Matt sighed and drew her into a hug.
He kissed her forehead.
"Sorry.
I'm going up now."
"I'll leave some supper on your desk," she said, as he headed to the staircase with plodding footsteps.
Duke and Miss Glass emerged from the dining room.
Embroidery thread looped around Dukes hands and connected to the spool Miss Glass held.
At my raised brows, he said, "Tangles," with a shrug.
Someone knocked on the door, and Willie opened it.
A grizzly looking man in a brown coat and skewed mustard colored tie stood on the stoop.
No less than five police constables, dressed in their distinctive blue uniform and helmet, squeezed onto the porch behind him.
"Is Mr. Matthew Glass here?"
demanded the man in front.
"Who's asking?"
Willie said, hands on hips.
"Detective Inspector Nunce, Scotland Yard."
"There's no one here by"
"I'm Matthew Glass," Matt said, placing a hand on Willie's shoulder.
She shoved him away.
"Matt!
You _know_ why they're  here."
"Willie, it's all right."
Nunce stepped inside without being invited.
His constables followed him like a tail.
"Mr. Glass, you're under arrest."
"No!"
Willie cried.
One of the constables caught Matt's wrist, but he pulled free.
"What's the meaning of this?"
he demanded.
"You're under arrest on suspicion of being the American outlaw known as the Dark Rider."
Nunce jerked his head and two constables grabbed Matt, one taking each arm.
"There's been a mistake," Matt said, his voice calm.
"I'm not an outlaw."
"Let him go!"
Willie lunged at one of the constables holding Matt, only to be caught from behind by another.
"Get off me!"
She kicked and lashed out, but couldn't reach the man behind her.
His arm locked around her waist and he dragged her out of the way.
Her screeching grew louder.
"You're under arrest too," Nunce told her.
"What for?"
she shouted.
"For being a member of the Dark Rider's posse."
"You're a damned idiot fool!"
"Let her go," Duke said, stepping forward.
He tried to separate his hands, but only managed to get himself more tangled in the thread.
"God damn it!"
he shouted, resorting to brute strength and still failing.
Miss Glass dropped the spool and came to stand by me.
"Stop this at once," she said with haughty crispness.
"There's been a mistake.
This gentleman is my nephew, and the nephew of Lord Rycroft.
Release him at once."
Nunce touched his hat brim.
"I cannot, ma'am.
He's the Dark Rider."
"Who or what is the Dark Rider?"
"American outlaw.
Don't you read the papers?"
She bristled.
"Of course not.
I've no interest in idle gossip."
Nunce signaled for another of his men to grab Duke.
"Take him, too.
He sounds American."
He sized me up.
"She's English," Matt said.
"A friend of my aunt's.
I hardly know her."
Nunce grunted but didn't order anyone to arrest me.
One of the constables took hold of Duke's arm, but Duke jerked away.
The constable tackled him, and with his hands still tied, Duke couldn't defend himself.
They both crashed to the floor.
"That was uncalled for," Matt growled.
Nunce merely shrugged.
"Duke!"
Willie screamed.
"Duke, are you hurt?"
Miss Glass's fingers gripped my arm.
I closed my hand over hers, hoping to reassure her somewhat.
I don't think it helped.
She could most likely feel my body shaking through the connection.
"Contact Commissioner Munro," Matt instructed Nunce, struggling to pull free of the two constables who held him.
"He'll set you straight."
Nunce snorted.
"That's what they all say."
Willie stomped on the toe of the bobby holding her and managed to pull free.
She ran to Duke, who was struggling to sit up on the floor, but was caught again by the long-limbed youth in uniform.
She smashed her fist into his cheek, drawing blood, before he grasped her hands and twisted them behind her.
"You're hurting me!"
she cried.
Matt lurched to his left, using his superior weight and height to force the constable on that side to stumble.
The one on his other side also lost his balance, and Matt was able to pull free of them both.
But his freedom was short lived.
The last of the constables threw a punch at Matt's jaw.
While Matt managed to dodge it, the interruption gave the other bobbies precious seconds to recover and throw punches of their own.
One hit Matt's mouth, the other his stomach.
He doubled over, coughing.
Miss Glass whimpered and clutched her throat.
I turned her so she wasn't facing the scene and patted her back.
Yet I felt anything but soothed myself.
My heart thundered and every part of me shook.
"Stop at once!"
I shouted.
"Inspector Nunce, control your men.
You're upsetting an elderly lady with this unnecessary display."
But it was Matt who responded, not Nunce.
He stopped fighting.
"I'll go with you," he said.
"Willie and Duke too."
"No!"
Willie shouted.
"Why should you go, Matt?
You've done nothing wrong."
"We'll sort it out at the station.
Vine Street?"
Nunce nodded.
"Check they have no weapons hidden on their person," he said to his men.
His constables checked pockets, removing every item they found and placing them on the hall table.
Among the handkerchiefs and coins sat Matt's special silver watch.
"Take them away," Nunce said.
Willie and Duke gasped.
"Your watch!"
Willie cried.
"Matt!"
She struggled against the constable trying to force her through the door.
"May I take my watch with me?"
Matt asked Nunce.
Nunce pursed his lips, looked at the watch, looked at Matt, then said, "No.
You have no need to tell the time in the holding cells."
A bead of sweat trickled down Matt's temple.
His breathing turned ragged.
His face was the color of cold ash.
The two constables on either side of him marched him forward.
"He has to take the watch," Duke said to Nunce.
"Please.
It's important.
He'll die without it."
Die!
Miss Glass sobbed into my shoulder.
I tried patting her back harder, but it was useless.
I couldn't offer support when I needed it badly myself.
My gaze connected with Matt's over the top of her head.
What I saw in his eyes brought burning tears to mine.
His illness savaged him, yet it wasn't that which made my heart ache.
It was the sorrow and disappointment I saw in his face.
He thought I'd betrayed him.
He thought I'd told the police that he was the Dark Rider.
He wasn't the only one.
"You did this!"
Willie hissed at me.
"No," I said.
"I didn't."
But she shouted over the top of me, and couldn't have heard.
"You heartless witch!
If he dies, I'll come looking for you.
I'll cut you up"
"Willie!"
Matt's sharp voice could hardly be heard over her ranting.
Nunce and his constables marched Duke and Matt outside too, and my heart sank even further when I saw Cyclops join them, restrained by another two bobbies.
Everyone seemed to be shouting.
I caught snatches of pleas, begging Nunce to allow Matt to have the watch.
The inspector continued to refuse.
"It's _her_ fault! "
Willie screamed.
"You've condemned him to death, India!"
I shook my head, but they weren't looking at me and wouldn't have seen.
"If he doesn't get that watch," she continued, "his death will be on _your_ conscience."
* Chapter 15 Chapter 15{{{1 # Chapter 15
Miss Glass and I stood clinging to one another in silent horror.
Willie's words rang in my head, clanging like a bell.
She thought I'd been behind the arrest.
They all did, including Matt.
Yet it wasn't that which made me feel sick to my core.
It was Willie's desperate pleas, her wild, fanciful claims that he would die without that watch.
There must be medicine inside it, not opium as I first thought.
I handed Miss Glass over to Polly, who emerged from the rear of the house with raw fear in her wide eyes.
"Everything will be all right," I assured them both.
My calm and confident voice seemed to rally Polly, at least.
"Take Miss Glass upstairs," I told the maid.
"See that she has everything she needs."
I felt anything but calm and confident.
I couldn't stop shaking.
_He needed the watch or he'd die_.
I picked it up by its chain.
A wave of heat washed over me, rushing up my arm from my  hand.
I dropped the watch and jumped back.
It throbbed once then stilled.
_Throbbed_.
Inanimate objects did not throb.
They didn't grow warm.
They weren't alive.
I must have been mistaken.
I picked up the watch again.
Once more, heat flooded me, beginning at my hand and traveling up my arm with such speed and force that my breath whooshed out in surprise.
But I didn't let go.
I cradled it in my palm, its chain dangling between my fingers.
The case pulsed, like a heart restarting after a stoppage, but did not do so again.
It remained warm, though not hot as it had been on initial touch, and I could feel the warmth through my entire body, as if my veins carried it along with my blood.
When Matt held the watch, his veins glowed, but mine did not.
It was an incredible device.
I couldn't feel any medicine seeping into me, yet somehow it must be able to emit a substance.
I turned it over and studied the back.
There were no distinguishing features, no holes or slits for medicine to seep through.
I opened the case.
My breath hitched.
Not because it was filled with medicine, but because it wasn't.
The watch looked like every other watch I'd ever worked on.
The dial and hands were simple, plain, the Roman numerals clearly marked in bronze.
I took it up to my rooms and used my tools to open the housing at the dressing table.
The mechanism consisted of wheels and screws, tiny springs, pinions, and an escapement, just like an ordinary watch.
I'd worked on hundreds like it.
Any watchmaker could have made it.
According to the etching in the metal, it was made by A.W.
Waltham, NY.
New York.
It was an American watch.
So why was Matt scouring London for his watchmaker?
Surely he had looked inside the case and seen the maker's name.
I closed the watchcase and stared at it for a long time.
Somehow this watch grew warm when I touched it, and when Matt did too.
Somehow it came to life.
And somehow it was responsible for keeping Matt alive.
_Magic._
The word flittered through my mind like a butterfly, daintily and carefully at first, but growing louder, stronger, with each passing second.
I tried to dismiss it, but couldn't.
I slipped the watch into my waistcoat pocket where it soon warmed the skin over my lower ribs.
I raced downstairs and out the door.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
Vine Street Police Station cast a long shadow in the late afternoon and presented an austere front to the world.
Iron bars covered the windows at street level and a bobby stood at the door, stiff and tall.
More visitors than I would have expected came and went, though there were few constables.
Most would use the rear courtyard entrance after apprehending criminals, I supposed.
Which barred window housed Matt and the others?
Or did their holding cell not have a window?
I plucked up some courage and strode past the constable at the door.
"Afternoon, miss," he said.
Inside was much like any office, only staffed with uniformed policemen.
Behind the long front counter ranged several desks, and I spotted no less than four doors leading into the wings of the vast building.
I inquired after Matt at the counter where the bushy-browed policeman glowered back at me.
"He's not allowed visitors," he said, returning to his paperwork.
The watch in my waistcoat pocket throbbed.
"Can you give him something for me?"
"No," he said without looking up.
I blew out a breath.
"I only need to see him for a moment.
You can have someone accompany me to make sure I don't help him escape."
My attempt at a joke was met with a scowl.
He picked up his pen and dipped it into the inkwell.
The scratching on the ledger page grated on my already taut nerves.
"May I speak with Detective Inspector Nunce?"
I asked.
"Regarding?"
"Regarding Mr. Matthew Glass."
"No."
"Why not?"
"Because you're going to waste his valuable time by asking him if you can visit Glass in the holding cells, and he's only going to tell you the same thing I haveno."
"You could at least look at me when you speak to me."
He lifted his gaze but not his head.
"No."
He returned to his ledger.
The watch in my pocket pulsed again, stronger this time.
What did it expect me to do?
"Please tell Inspector Nunce that I'd like to see him."
The constable sighed.
"Miss, I told you, he's busy."
"It's a matter of life and death!"
I punctuated the sentence with a slap of my hand on the counter.
A dozen heads looked up from their paperwork.
The constable rolled his eyes and muttered what sounded like "Bloody women," under his breath.
The door nearest me burst open and Nunce himself barreled through.
"Fetch a doctor!"
"Sir?"
the bobby asked.
"A doctor!"
Nunce pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed his sweating brow.
My blood chilled.
"Is the doctor for Mr.
Glass?"
Nunce narrowed his gaze at me.
"You're from Glass's house."
"I'm his aunt's companion.
She's Lord Rycroft's sister."
"No need to tell me again.
His friends keep on saying it, too, and I don't bloody care if he's the Prince of Wales.
He's not going nowhere until he faces trial.
Unless he dies, of course.
It ain't looking too good for him."
Oh God.
I clutched my throat, and gathered my scattered wits.
"Please, Inspector, I need to see him.
For his aunt's sake."
I had an idea, and before he could refuse me entry, I said, "I have his medicine."
"What sort of medicine?"
"It's in this vessel."
I pulled out the watch.
"I know it doesn't look medicinal, but American manufacturers like to make their medicine bottles into novelties.
So Mr. Glass tells me."
_Please don't ask me to open it._
"I'm not sure it'll be able to help him," Nunce said.
"He's unconscious."
I covered my gasp with my hand.
Tears welled in my eyes.
"It's not too late.
Please don't let him die, sir, when help is at hand."
He lifted the barrier.
"Come through."
He had the constable check me for weapons.
When he gave the all-clear, I hurried after Nunce, along lime-washed corridors and past wooden doors, all closed.
Each door housed a small rectangular panel designed to slide open and allow communication between those inside and those without.
Someone thumped on one of the doors as we passed, and others called out, their voices muffled by the thick walls.
Up ahead, three constables surrounded a door.
One looked through the panel and was calling to the person on the other side.
There was no answer.
"Still out of it, sir," the bobby said when Nunce inquired after Matt's state.
"May I administer the medicine?"
I said.
"I'm a trained nurse," I added as inspiration struck.
"That's why I'm companion to his aunt.
She requires nursing from time to time."
He hesitated.
"Come now, sir.
What do you think will happen?
Your constable has checked me for weapons, Mr. Glass is incapable of standing, let alone fighting, and I am a mere woman surrounded by policemen."
"Sir, it looks like he has stopped breathing," the constable at the door said.
The blood drained from my face.
I bit on my lower lip but couldn't stop it wobbling.
"Open the door," Nunce said.
"Let her in."
The constable seemed to take an age to find the right key hanging from the ring at his belt.
Finally he placed it into the keyhole and unlocked the door.
I pushed it open myself and ran to Matt, stretched out on the floor on his side.
The red gash on his lip and the blue-black bruise around it stood out starkly against his deathly pale face.
He was so still, I feared it was too late.
Then he exhaled, albeit weakly.
I heard the policemen come in behind me, but none spoke as I pressed the watch into Matt's hand.
I cradled his head and shoulders in my lap.
With my back to the policemen, and his hands covered by my skirts, his exposed skin was shielded from sight.
Inch by inch, his body warmed, beginning with the hand that held the watch.
I kept his fingers wrapped around it so that he didn't drop it, and watched as the glow chased away the sickly pall all the way up to his hairline.
His chest expanded.
He sucked in a deep breath and spluttered.
I felt the breath against my throat and smiled through my tears.
"Thank God," I whispered.
I held him close, not sure if I should let him go yet.
If he was still glowing, Nunce would see.
Besides, it felt so good to hold him.
I had never held a man like that before.
His body felt warm now, alive with his steady breathing, and no longer limp.
His free hand closed over mine, so solid and wonderful.
Neither of us wore gloves.
Nunce cleared his throat.
"That's some strong medicine."
Matt withdrew his hands from mine and slipped the watch into his pocket while his body was still hidden from view.
His veins immediately stopped glowing.
He looked up at me and smiled the most dazzling smile, which tugged something deep inside me.
I smiled back.
He was alive.
That was all that mattered.
"Give me a moment," he said to Nunce.
"I've just been brought back from the dead by a beautiful angel.
Forgive me if I'd like to savor it as long as possible."
One of the policemen chuckled.
"Get up, Glass," Nunce said in his monotone.
"Miss?
If you please."
Matt stood and held out his hand to me.
I took it and allowed him to assist me to my feet.
He stroked my wet cheeks with the pad of his thumb.
"I knew you would save me one day," he murmured.
"I just didn't think it would be today."
"It wasn't me," I said.
"I didn't tell them you were the Dark Rider."
I wanted him to know.
_Needed_ him to  know.
He touched my chin.
"I believe you."
"All right then, out you go, miss," Nunce said, coming to stand beside us.
"Constable Stanley will escort you."
I shook my head.
This was all wrong.
Matt couldn't be the Dark Rider.
I had no evidence to refute his claim, except for the feeling in the base of my stomach.
I rounded on Nunce.
"He's innocent," I said.
"You have no evidence against him, except some malicious gossip."
"That's enough from you, miss."
He shooed me off with his hands.
"I will not leave!
This is an outrage.
You're holding an innocent man"
"India."
Matt grasped my shoulders and forced me to face him.
He looked healthy, his color normal, but exhaustion still shadowed him.
He needed to be home, resting properly.
"There's no need to create a ruckus.
Once Commissioner Munro knows I'm here, he'll see that I'm freed."
He glared at Nunce.
"As long as the commissioner is told, that is."
"The commissioner's too busy to listen to stories," Nunce said.
"If I sent for him every time a perpetrator asked, he'd never get anything done."
Ruckus.
I'd heard that word three times in as many days, whereas I'd only ever heard it used once before that, and it was in reference to a riot in America, reported in an English newspaper.
The reporter, however, had been an American at the scene.
I stared at Matt.
He stared back at me and frowned.
"I know who it is," I whispered, feeling sick yet relieved too.
"Ruckus."
At a nod from Nunce, one of the constables took my elbow and steered me toward the door.
The one with the keys held it open.
"India?"
I glanced over my shoulder at Matt.
He was still frowning, concern etched into every tired groove of his face.
"You'll be free soon," I told him.
"I know who the Dark Rider really is."
"Who?"
"Dorchester."
Matt's face darkened.
"How do you know?"
"That's enough," Nunce said.
"Get her out of here, Stanley."
I planted my feet on the floor and folded my arms.
Constable Stanley didn't come closer.
"There's a fellow going by the name of Dorchester," I told Nunce. "
_He's_ the Dark Rider. "
He _had_ to be the Dark Rider and not the sheriff fellow.
The sheriff had no need to hide his accent from the world and sneak around the  city.
Nunce scratched his ragged beard.
"Where can I find him?"
"Near Piccadilly, but I don't know exactly where.
And even that might have been a lie."
"Why should I believe you, miss?
Perhaps you're trying to trick me into releasing Mr. Glass, here.
What evidence do you have of the Dorchster fellow's guilt?"
"He used the word ruckus."
He gave me a blank look.
"So?"
"Ruckus is an American word, and Mr. Dorchester claimed to be English.
From Manchester, in fact, although his accent was all wrong.
I should have guessed from the beginning, but II wanted to believe him."
I couldn't meet Matt's gaze.
I didn't want him seeing my shame.
I'd wanted to believe that Mr. Dorchester liked me for me and not because I could give him something.
I was such a bloody fool.
Once again, I'd been blinded by charm and my own pathetic need to be liked.
The truth stung but it didn't bring tears; only anger and a resolve to make Dorchester pay for his crimes.
"A word?"
Nunce grunted.
"That's not evidence, miss.
Go on.
Out you go."
"India?"
The concern in Matt's quiet voice had me looking up as Constable Stanley took my elbow.
"Will you be all right?"
I straightened my spine.
"Of course.
Now, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have a commissioner to visit before he goes home for the day."
Matt smiled.
Constable Stanley escorted me to the station's entrance, but I stopped dead in the doorway.
Mr. Dorchester stood at the counter, speaking with the bobby on duty.
"That's him," I whispered, grasping Constable Stanley's sleeve.
"That's the real Dark Rider."
The pimply faced youth eyed Dorchester.
"You sure, miss?"
"Of course.
Arrest him."
He glanced back at the door now shut behind us.
"You heard the inspector.
One word isn't enough to arrest a man.
Besides, he looks decent enough to me."
"Can you not question him?
Ask him what river flows through Manchester, or some other fact about the city that a resident should know."
"What river flows through Manchester?"
I sighed.
"The Irwell.
Go on.
Speak to him."
He didn't budge despite my push.
"I must follow the inspector's orders, but I'll get his current address off him, if that'll satisfy you."
I was about to tell him that it wouldn't when Dorchester suddenly looked our way.
My heart leapt into my throat.
I tried not to react, but he must have seen something in my face because he did not smile in greeting as the kind Mr. Dorchester would have done.
He scowled at the constable at my side.
"Go on," I said to the young bobby.
"Go and speak with him now."
I walked off and nodded a greeting at Dorchester as I passed him.
He touched the brim of his hat.
The exchange was so stilted and formal that I suspected he knew exactly why I was there and what I thought of him.
I rushed out, determined to get far away from him as quickly as possible.
The sun had dropped behind the buildings, shrouding the street in eerie gray-green shadows.
I glanced over my shoulder, but Dorchester had not emerged from the police station.
I turned on to busy Piccadilly Street, where I blended in with the other pedestrians heading home or to railway stations and omnibus stops after work.
There were many routes to Victoria Embankment from Vine Street, some of which would have brought me to New Scotland Yard faster, but I remained on the busier streets for safety.
Even though several glances over my shoulder proved that Dorchester wasn't following me, I didn't want to take the risk.
There was something comforting about the imposing edifice of the clock tower that housed Big Ben in its belfry.
It was visible beyond the new headquarters of the Metropolitan Police, and stood confidently amid the bustle of carriages, carts and pedestrians below, just as it had done all my life.
My father used to bring me to see it and explain how the giant clock operated on the same principles as my own pocket watch.
A pocket watch that suddenly chimed in my reticule.
A watch that had never chimed before and wasn't designed to.
I opened my reticule, but something smacked into me from behind, propelling me forward.
It happened so fast, that I managed nothing more than a gasp before a gloved hand clamped over my mouth.
In the inky shadows of a deep recessed doorway, he pressed my back against the cold bricks.
Although I couldn't see his face, the man had the same height, build and scent of Dorchester.
He must have known I would come here, and he had taken a quicker route.
"You stupid fool," he growled in a low voice that was very different to the one I was familiar with.
It was hard and cruel with an American accent.
"You should have kept your nose out of Glass's business.
Out of _my_ business."
How had I ever liked this man?
I certainly was a fool to believe his story.
I struggled against him but he was too strong, pressing his weight against me, grinding my shoulder blades into the stones.
His gloved hand muffled my cries and, after a busy burst of traffic, the pavement was now empty of pedestrians.
Panic rose to my throat.
I kicked out but my damned skirts got in the way.
He pressed himself against me more, blocking my legs so that I couldn't kick at all.
I was pinned against the wall, unable to move or make a sound.
"If you'd stayed out of it, I could have finally got my revenge on that scum.
Yes, it was me who told the police he was the Dark Rider.
It was the perfect plan.
He gets arrested and tried here, well away from the friends who can help him.
But then I learn he has the commissioner in his pocket too, so I know I have to act fast before he's released.
I went to the police station to give him my parting gift."
A click echoed around the stone doorway, followed by the whine of metal on metal.
Something sharp bit into my neck above my collar.
He had a knifehis "gift" to Matt, intended to go straight through his heart, no doubt.
I swallowed, shut my eyes and willed for someone to walk past, to see me at this evil man's mercy.
But our clothing was dark and the streetlamps were not yet lit, and nobody passed by anyway.
"But they wouldn't let me see him, thanks to you, you little bitch.
I know you told them about me.
I could see it in that kid's eyesand his chief's, when he came out.
I only just got away after some quick talking."
I tried biting him, but only found a mouthful of leather glove.
He chuckled.
His teeth flashed white in the darkness, and a glint shone in his eyes.
"Do you know the man you're helping is a turncoat?
He was an outlaw, too.
He's got blood on his hands, has Glass.
Lots of blood."
My breath hitched.
My body stilled.
He chuckled again.
"So he failed to mention it to his little lady friend, eh?
He hates ordinary folk knowing.
Hates that he's related to the Johnsons.
But that ain't the worst of it, no ma'am.
You think I'm bad, but he's worse.
We've both killed men before, but at least I haven't murdered my own kin."
Bile surged up my throat.
I choked on it, making my eyes water and my nose run.
Tears pooled but didn't spill.
He _must_ be  lying.
"Murdered his own grandfather in cold blood," Dorchester went on.
"Glass could have got him arrested, like the others in the old man's posse, but he chose to shoot him instead.
My little brother was one of Johnson's posse.
Just a kid, he was, when they strung him up."
He sniffed and wiped his nose on his shoulder.
"So what do you think of that, Miss Prim?
What do you think of your big handsome hero now?"
His hot breath scalded my forehead.
The sharp point of his blade nicked my skin.
Blood trickled into my collar.
I whimpered and shut my eyes.
My watch chimed again, louder this time.
I prayed someone heard it and became curious.
But no one walked past.
"He ain't going to rescue you now," Dorchester said, chuckling.
"He's all locked up, getting a taste of his own medicine.
Pity he'll probably get out, sooner or later.
But when he does, he's going to find his pretty little friend was the victim of just another London murderer, right here under Scotland Yard's nose.
He took someone from me, so I'm going to take someone from him."
I wanted to scream at him that I hardly knew Matt, that I wasn't important to him.
But I wasn't sure it would have mattered.
Dorchester hated me for being on Matt's side, for bringing attention to him now.
He wanted me dead, and no amount of pleading would make a difference.
With my mouth covered, I couldn't even try.
He pressed the blade again.
Fresh blood oozed and trickled down my neck.
I shut my eyes and prayed for my soul.
There was nothing more I could do.
* Chapter 16 Chapter 16{{{1 # Chapter 16
Dorchester bared his teeth then leaned in and licked the blood on my neck.
I gagged.
He laughed, and did it again, enjoying my horror.
Enjoying toying with the rabbit in his snare.
My reticule moved in my hand.
My heart leapt and I gave a muffled cry, but I clung onto it.
If I'd not heard the watch chime earlier, if I'd not heard the word magic bandied about, I would have thought a mouse had found its way inside.
But a small, mad part of me knew my watch was trying to get out.
My arms were pinned, but my hands had some movement.
I managed to maneuver the reticule and insert my fingers into its drawstring opening to stretch it wide.
My watch found its way into my hand.
The silver case, usually cool to the touch, felt so warm that I could feel it through my glove.
My mind flashed back to the night of the poker game, when I'd thrown that carriage clock to knock out my attacker.
A strange thought settled, one that I couldn't shakeit hadn't been my good aim or the force of my throw that propelled the clock into Dennison's forehead.
It had been the clock itself, changing course to hit him.
It had been magical.
Dorchester laughed again.
He licked my ear then pressed the blade harder into my neck.
I cried out, not because of the sharp pain, but because the watch fell from my hand.
I'd lost it!
No, no, NO!
Dorchester froze.
The pressure from the blade eased.
Then his body began to shake violently.
He released me and stumbled back, convulsing.
He looked like he was doing a crazed dance.
He tried to speak, but no words came out.
His eyes begged me to help, but I did not, even though I knew it was my watch causing him to act that way.
The chain wrapped around his wrist and the watch itself pressed into his palm.
He fell to his knees as if someone stronger had shoved him down.
Then he fell forward onto his face, smashing his nose into the stones.
I ran.
"Help!
Help me!"
Three men hurried up to me, two of them uniformed bobbies, the other declaring himself to be a detective inspector from the Yard.
I pointed to the doorway.
My hand trembled and my voice wobbled, but I managed to tell them that a man by the name of Dorchester was in there.
"He's the American outlaw known as the Dark Rider, and he attacked me.
Hehe wanted to silence me."
I could just make out their incredulous expressions in the dim light.
They must have had a dozen questions for me, but they all knew the most pressing concern was capturing my attacker.
They carefully approached the doorway, batons raised.
I followed, not sure what we'd find.
The constable at the front lowered his baton.
"Is he dead?"
I stumbled, sick to my stomach.
_Please don't be dead_.
I knew he would be hung for his crimes, either here or in America, but I didn't want to be the one to pull the trigger, so to speak.
I didn't want his death to be a result of my magic.
The bobbies dragged Dorchester out of the doorway.
He groaned and stirred.
I breathed a sigh of relief and edged closer, taking a wide berth around him until I was at the opening of the doorway.
My watch glinted in the shadows.
I bent and scooped it up.
It not longer felt warm, but like an ordinary silver watch.
"What you got there, miss?"
the inspector asked.
"My watch."
I showed it to him.
"I dropped it in the scuffle."
He nodded, satisfied.
"How'd you overpower him?"
he asked as the two constables lifted the dazed Dorchester between them.
"II suppose it was a combination of luck and timing."
I dropped my watch back in the reticule.
"Excellent timing."
"So what's this about him being the Dark Rider?"
"It's a long story, and I must speak with your commissioner about it immediately.
Is he in his office?"
"The commissioner's busy, miss."
"I don't care!"
Good lord, the man was more inaccessible than the queen.
"I have vital information about the Dark Rider to give him, and only him.
Take me to him now.
Please," I added, more demurely.
He eyed me then the retreating backs of his constables carrying Dorchester.
"You can tell me all about how you came to know that man is the Dark Rider while we walk up to the commissioner's office."
I was so thankful, I clasped his hand.
"Come on then!"
I gave him my name and Matt's address as we walked, but told him I wanted to save the details about the Dark Rider for the commissioner's ears.
It was dark inside the building, and the inspector commanded one of the constables on duty to hand him a lamp.
It threw out enough light for us to see our way through the corridors of New Scotland Yard.
The smell of fresh paint followed us.
The brass doorknobs and hooks for coats gleamed in the lamplight.
Unlike Vine Street Police Station, the windows were not covered by bars.
I wondered where they'd taken Dorchester and if he had recovered.
We entered an office on the second floor with furniture polished to a sheen and a portrait of the queen on the wall.
It was empty, but appeared to be only an outer office that led to another.
The inspector knocked, and I was relieved to hear a gruff voice order us to enter.
The commissioner had not yet gone home.
Commissioner Munro was a distinguished looking gentleman with white hair on the sides of his head and gray on top.
His white moustache curled at the ends.
He wore a uniform with impressively decorated epaulettes, and a cap hung on a hook beside another portrait of the queen.
Shrewd eyes watched me, but with curiosity, not unkindness.
He rose and we shook hands.
The inspector made the introductions and gave him a brief account of our meeting.
The commissioner invited me to sit and directed the inspector to make me some tea.
"No, thank you," I said.
"Tea isn't necessary."
Anything that delayed the commissioner getting Matt out of jail wasn't necessary.
"Miss Steele, why are you certain this fellow who attacked you is the Dark Rider?"
the commissioner asked.
"Perhaps he's simply an opportunist who saw a young woman walking alone at dusk."
"Directly outside New Scotland Yard?
It would take a brazen attacker to be so bold.
No, Commissioner, he's the Dark Rider and admitted as much to me."
He leaned back.
The leather of his chair creaked.
He rested his elbows on the chair arms and steepled his fingers.
"The Dark Rider has already been caught.
He's currently being held at"
"Vine Street Police Station.
Yes, yes, I know all of that.
But that man isn't the Dark Rider."
Snowy eyebrows inched up his forehead.
"You're doubting my very experienced inspector?"
"Inspector Nunce may be experienced but he's a fool.
He arrested the wrong man.
I believe you know him, sir, and you can vouch for his innocence."
I hoped I had that correct, and Matt's asking for the commissioner was an indication that this man could be trusted.
Based on what Dorchester had told me, I was no longer sure who or what Matt was, but I did know he wasn't the Dark Rider.
I also knew that he hoped the commissioner could help him.
That was enough for me, for now.
"I am intrigued," he said.
"Who is it?"
"Mr. Matthew Glass."
The commissioner lowered his hands.
"Thank you, Toohey, that will be all."
The inspector, who'd remained standing behind me, left, shutting the door on his way out.
"I require the entire story," the commissioner said in a calm voice edged with steel.
"Now."
I explained everything, where I had an explanation.
I brushed over the use of my watch to escape from Dorchester and didn't speculate on how Matt might know the commissioner when he'd been in London only a week.
The commissioner rose from his seat before I finished.
He plucked his hat off the hook and placed it under his arm.
"It seems I have to visit Vine Street before I head home.
Hopefully Mrs. Munro won't be too upset at my tardiness tonight."
He stopped in a downstairs office to speak with Inspector Toohey about keeping Dorchester well locked up, then commanded one of the constables to bring his carriage around.
As we waited, Big Ben struck the hour.
Its deep resonant gong thrummed through me.
I breathed deeply, drawing the air into my lungs with what felt like my first proper breath since Dorchester's attack.
It was a short ride back to Vine Street, in which the commissioner questioned me about my connections, my background, and finally, he asked for specifics on how I'd escaped from Dorchester.
"I don't know," I said honestly.
"I truly don't.
One moment his knife was here," I touched the small cut above my collar, "and the next he was on the ground, convulsing."
"Epilepsy," he said with certainty.
I tucked my reticule closer to my body and pressed its soft sides until I felt the familiar shape of the watch.
The familiar, comforting shape.
That watch had saved me; I was certain of it.
It had tried to warn me that Dorchester was near, with its strange chimes, but I'd not listened.
Then it had leapt from my hand to his and emitted some kind of electrical current into him.
But how could that be?
What logical explanation was there for a watch to act and _think_ on its own?
It was ludicrous.
I must have been losing my mind to even consider it.
Yet there I was, considering it very seriously.
If it had been just my watch, and just this one incident, I would have been a little more skeptical, but it wasn't the first time.
The clock on the mantel at the gambling house had also saved my life.
My aim wasn't _that_ good.
Perhaps all watches were magical and I'd never been in a dangerous situation to witness their power.
But that didn't explain why people were murdered all the time when they carried watches on them, or were killed in the presence of clocks.
The clock beneath Big Ben's belfry hadn't thrown itself upon my attacker, either.
I smiled at the absurdity of it but it quickly vanished.
I'd handled both the clock in the gambling house and the watch in my reticule.
I'd opened them up and touched their mechanisms.
_I_ was the key that set their magic in  motion.
My fingers tightened around my reticule.
The commissioner said something, and I had to ask him to repeat it.
It wasn't until a constable opened the carriage door that I realized we'd arrived at Vine Street Police Station.
Policemen gasped when they saw the commissioner then saluted with a click of their heels.
The police station was quieter, and Constable Stanley stood at the front counter instead of his gruffer colleague.
He smiled upon seeing me, only for it to dissolve into open-mouthed surprise when he realized who accompanied me.
"This way, sir," he said, when Munro asked to see Matt.
Not Detective Inspector Nunce, but Matt himself.
I followed, only to be ordered to remain behind by the commissioner.
I considered arguing with him then decided to sit and wait.
There were probably things he and Matt needed to discuss alone before Munro ordered his release.
_If_ he ordered his  release.
If he did not, then my attempts had been for nought.
There was nothing more I could do.
It felt like an age before the door opened again, but according to the clock on the wall, only ten minutes had passed.
Willie emerged.
She caught sight of me and smiled.
I grinned back, relief flooding me.
I felt giddy with it.
Duke followed her, then Cyclops, then finally Matt and the commissioner.
Our gazes briefly connected before an enthusiastic Willie embraced me, almost knocking me off my feet.
She clasped me tightly, laughing.
"I knew you would rescue us!"
she cried, giving me a gentle punch on the arm before letting me go.
"Liar," Duke said before he elbowed her out of the way so he could hug me too. "
_I_ knew you'd rescue us.
Never had a  doubt."
"Nor me," Cyclops said, folding me into his side and kissing the top of my head.
"I see you brought him the watch too," he whispered, nodding at Matt.
"Seems we need to thank you twice over."
They had to sign some paperwork before they were fully released, but it didn't take long before Willie, Matt, Munro and I climbed into the commissioner's waiting carriage, while Cyclops joined the driver and Duke stood on the footman's platform at the back.
Willie, sitting beside me, took my hand.
She alternated between smiling at me and turning grim.
I suspected there were things she wanted to say to me.
Things that she felt awkward expressing.
I squeezed her hand to let her know I forgave her.
I looked at Matt, drinking in his appearance, checking every inch of his face.
He seemed tired still, but not exhausted or ill, thank goodness.
He smiled and his hand fluttered to his pocket where he'd slipped his watch.
"Commissioner," he began, "I have to disagree with you."
I arched my brows.
Clearly this was the continuation of an earlier conversation I'd not been privy to.
"It's unwise," the commissioner said, glancing at me.
"The fewer people who know, the safer you are."
"Miss Steele is the soul of discretion.
She won't tell anyone.
I think she's proven herself worthy, don't you?"
The commissioner's lips flattened.
I decided to make it a little easier for him.
"Is this about you working for the American law enforcement to help them capture outlaws?"
All three of them stared at me.
"Dorchester told me a little," I admitted.
Matt sucked in a breath.
He stared at me, his body rigid.
"What did he say?"
_That you murdered your own grandfather._ I looked away, no longer able to face him.
It took a certain type of man to kill, and quite another to kill his own  family.
"Do not believe everything that man told you, Miss Steele," Munro said.
"Including his name.
Scotland Yard will wire America for more information and send a sketch of that fellow we arrested for attacking you."
"Attacking you!"
Matt bellowed.
Munro waved his hand.
"She's perfectly all right, as you can see."
Matt couldn't sit still for the rest of the journey to Park Street.
His fingers tapped his knee, the wall, the door handle, the seat.
No one else seemed to notice except me.
"I think I might be able to help you with his name," I said.
"He told me that Mr. Glass was involved in his younger brother's death."
"Could be anyone," Willie muttered.
Matt glared at her, and she shrugged before glancing at me and wincing.
"His brother was a member of your grandfather's posse," I said.
"So you know about him," Matt said flatly.
"I do."
He lowered his gaze and rubbed his forehead.
After a moment, he turned to the commissioner.
"Given that information, I suspect Dorchester is one Patrick McTierney.
Have your men wire their sketch to the Lake Valley sheriff.
He's a good man, and Patrick McTierney's family lives in his jurisdiction."
"God damn it," Willie said on a breath.
She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees, and shook her head.
"We always feared he'd come for you, sooner or later.
Never thought it'd be here."
"You never met the fellow?"
Munro asked.
"Not Patrick," Matt said.
"It's true that his younger brother was part of our grandfather's posse."
He spoke to me, not Munro.
"My evidence got him arrested and he was hanged for his crimes."
"They were supposed to go easy on him, on account of his age," Willie said heavily.
"They didn't."
There must be more to the story but I didn't ask questions, and Matt didn't offer answers.
I may never get them.
Never find out if he had killed his grandfather in cold blood, or how he felt about it.
I wasn't sure I wanted to know.
The three of us climbed out of the carriage, but Munro held Matt back.
"You may tell her as much as you think she needs to know.
I agree with your assessmentshe's proven her worth."
Matt nodded.
"Thank you, sir.
I'll be in touch."
"If you're staying in London, I have some work in mind for you."
The commissioner touched the brim of his cap.
"For now, enjoy your freedom."
The front door opened and Miss Glass stood there, back straight, head high.
"Finally!
You're home!
Now, what did you bring me, you naughty man?"
Matt climbed the steps and drew her into a hug.
She patted him gently on the back.
"What do you mean, bring you?"
he asked.
"From your travels," she said.
"Harry, do you mean to say you've been all over the world and haven't brought me back so much as a hairpin?"
He hugged her again.
"It's in my luggage, arriving tomorrow."
She clapped her hands and grinned.
"Ooh, I can't wait to see what it is."
We all retired to our rooms to freshen up and change for dinner prepared by Polly.
I didn't expect to see Matt at all, thinking he would go straight to bed to rest, but he was down before me, waiting by the dinner gong, alone.
"I haven't had a chance to thank you yet," he said quietly.
"There's no need."
"There's every need."
He took my hands in his and my heart skid to a halt.
He leaned in.
He smelled like lavender and spices, a scent uniquely his.
"Thank you, India.
You saved my life today, and I will never forget it."
His lips pressed to my forehead and lingered for far longer than decency dictated.
I didn't move.
I was frozen to the spot.
I clung onto his hands and felt his fingers squeeze mine.
My heart lifted, but I quickly dampened it.
This was real life, not a fairytale.
He was grateful, yes, but that was all.
"I owe you an explanation," he said, pulling away.
I nodded, my heart still in my throat where it seemed to have moved permanently.
"Do you work for that famous American detective agency?
Pink something?
I've heard about them."
"Pinkertons.
No, I'm my own agent, but you could say my role is similar to what the Pinkertons do.
I specialize in apprehending outlaws of the western states and territories.
Because of my family connections, I have knowledge the lawmen don't.
My mother's family is somewhat notorious, and I became embroiled in that life after I returned to them upon my parents' deaths.
I got out eventually, as did Willie."
And now he was bringing them to justice.
It was noble and yet sinister as well.
They were his family, after all.
"It makes family reunions awkward."
He smiled tentatively, as if trying to gauge my reaction to his dark joke.
I smiled back, but it lacked warmth.
I wasn't sure how I felt about his work yet.
"I have contacts with the local law enforcers, so when I told them I was coming to London, one of them gave my details to Commissioner Munro, suggesting my services could be of use to him.
Infiltrating criminal gangs is my specialty, you see, and he thought I might be useful while I was here.
Munro hadn't taken up the offer, however."
"So the Dark Rider followed you to England, not the other way round."
He nodded.
"Was he the intruder too?"
"I believe so now, though I didn't suspect him at the time.
I have no proof, however.
I don't know how he knew where to find me.
Perhaps he haunted the gambling houses where poker is played and followed Willie home, one night.
I've sensed that we were being followed for some days."
"Hence your constant peering through windows."
I'd just had a thought.
DorchesterMcTierneymust have followed me too, after I came to work for Matt.
It explained why he'd been outside the butcher's shop with an umbrella at precisely the same time as me.
Ice chilled my veins and I shivered.
"Why not just shoot you in the street?"
I asked.
"Because he doesn't want to swing for his crimes.
Having me blamed for them was the perfect scenario for him.
Up until now, his face hasn't been seen.
I suspect he's been behind some attacks on me in recent years, but I had no proof.
His methods have been sly, cowardly, never openly revealing himself to be behind them."
"How awful.
He truly did consider you responsible for his younger brother's death."
"In a way, I am.
I'm responsible for a lot of deaths."
"Including your grandfather's," I said quietly.
His eyes fluttered closed.
Tiny dark blue veins webbed the lids.
He nodded.
"I shot him in self defense after he shot at me.
Perhaps one day I'll show you the scar his bullet made."
He'd been shot by his own grandfather!
I searched his face.
It was unmarked.
His eyebrows twitched mischievously.
"It's in an unmentionable location."
My face flamed.
He laughed, and I gave him a withering glare.
He took my hands again.
His thumb stroked mine and his features settled, once again serious.
"I know you have questions about the watch."
He patted his pocket.
"And I can see now that you must be told.
Can we speak tomorrow?
It requires lengthy discussion, and I don't want Aunt Letitia to know."
I also suspected he was too tired for such a discussion.
I nodded.
"Good."
He smiled again.
"I'm glad you've decided to stay on as her companion."
"But"
"I think I hear her now.
Let's tell her, shall we?"
He thrust out his elbow to me.
I hesitated then took it with a shake of my head.
"You ought to be a politician.
You have a knack for swaying people to your viewpoint."
"You're too kind, particularly considering you rarely believe me when I am being sincere."
I was about to protest again, but he gave me that crooked boyish smile and my insides melted a little.
Besides, Miss Glass approached.
Matt informed her he had employed me to be her companion.
She was delighted, in a reserved, upper class way.
She patted my cheek, then insisted her nephew escort her into the dining room instead since she was the most important female member of the household and he the most important male.
He simply thrust out his other elbow, which she accepted with a smile in her eyes.
"Tomorrow, Miss Steele, I will take you shopping," she declared.
"If you're to be my companion, you require new dresses.
Those are far too dreary."
* Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 # Chapter 17
My watch looked entirely normal.
I spent the morning pulling it apart and inspecting each tiny mechanism.
Nothing was out of place.
There were no hidden striking trains, hammers, gongs or repeaters.
It couldn't possibly have chimed.
I put it back together, a familiar task I could do without even looking.
It hadn't been the first watch I'd ever worked on, but it was the one I'd opened up the most.
My parents gave it to me on my sixteenth birthday.
The silver case was monogrammed with my initials, and a message congratulating me on my birthday was etched inside.
It was my most cherished possession.
Somehow, it had saved my life.
A knock sounded on my door, and Willie called out, "It's me.
May I speak with you, India?"
"Of course.
Come in."
She opened the door just enough to squeeze through and leaned back against it.
She bit her lip and looked everywhere but at me.
"Is there something I can do for you, Willie?"
She huffed out a breath.
"I wouldn't really have cut you up, you know."
I pinched the back of my hand to stop myself smiling.
"I know.
Thank you for reassuring me."
"Matt says you're going to stay."
"I'm to be his aunt's companion."
I hadn't had time to discuss the new arrangement with either of them, but I felt immeasurably lighter since the decision had been made.
The weight of uncertainty over my future had been pressing down on me without me realizing.
She rushed forward and grasped my forearms.
"You won't give up on finding the watchmaker, will you?"
"Matt no longer needs my help.
We've called on every watchmaker I know.
Cyclops is capable of taking him to"
"No, _you_ must help.
You know London better than any of us, and you know watches too. "
She dug her fingers into my arms.
"You've seen what his watch does, India.
It's of vital importance that it gets fixed."
"It seems to work perfectly well.
Itrejuvenates him when he uses it."
"It's slowing down."
She let me go and perched on the edge of the dressing table where I'd been working.
She lowered her head and some loose strands of hair fell over her face.
"It no longer works for days, as it used to.
It will stop altogether, one day."
"And there is no one else who can fix it?"
"None that we know of."
What sort of watchmaker fixed a life giving, magical watch?
A magician, I supposed.
The notion was utterly absurd, yet I couldn't shake it.
"I will help Matt whenever he requires it," I assured her.
"Now, tell me, will you come shopping with Miss Glass and me later?
We would enjoy your company."
"Why?"
She plucked the fabric of her trousers at her thighs.
"I'm a terrible judge of fashion."
"Or are you secretly hiding your femininity as a mode of protection?"
She screwed up her face in a most unladylike expression.
"Not damned likely.
Besides, I can't come shopping.
I'm going to see Travers again to tell him I've decided to play for my locket."
"No!
Willie, you shouldn't.
You promised Matt."
She strode to the door.
"I have to."
"How?
You said you have no money."
"I don't need money."
"You've asked Matt for a loan?"
She shook her head.
"He's got too much on his plate."
She jerked the door open, surprising her cousin who had his fist poised to knock.
He stepped aside with a raise of his brows as she stormed past him.
"Why is she in a foul mood?"
he asked.
"She was contrite when I spoke to her earlier."
I sighed.
"She's still upset about her locket."
I didn't tell him she was planning on gambling to win it back.
It was none of my affair, and she wouldn't like me to tattle.
"How are you feeling this morning?"
"Better."
He did look better, but I'd come to expect to see the tiredness in his eyes now.
"But not completely healthy."
A beat passed.
Two.
"I don't expect to be," he said.
My heart ached.
What an awful thing to always feel tired, to be worried about one's health.
No one should have to, particularly not a young, athletic and capable man like Matt.
"Don't, India."
The low ebb of his voice washed over me.
"Don't pity me."
Easy enough to say, not so easy to do.
I studied the watch in my hand, tracing my thumbnail over the monogram.
"Tell me about your magic watch, Matt.
Tell me everything."
He touched his waistcoat pocket.
Perhaps he didn't want to be parted from it for one moment, even at home.
Having witnessed what happened when he was separated from it for too long, I could see why.
He closed the door and sat on the trunk at the foot of the bed.
He leaned his elbows on his knees and looked at me.
"So you believe in magic."
"II don't know yet.
It seems so childish and fantastical, yet I've seen things.
Tell me what you know.
And tell me why I've never heard of such things as magical health-giving watches before."
"You've never heard of them because magic has been suppressed for hundreds of years.
Magicians were almost wiped out in medieval times, after a small group committed heinous crimes using their magic.
People panicked and attacked _all_ magicians, not just the guilty few.
Those who managed to escape have kept their secret all these years, out of  fear."
I nodded, hardly daring to breathe.
Could such a story truly be possible?
"How do you know all this?"
"One of the men who gave me this watch told me about it.
One of them was the watchmaker, known as Chronos, the other a surgeon.
They saved my life."
"Surgeon?
I think you need to start from the beginning."
He cast me a crooked smile.
"I will, Miss Impatience.
Five years ago, I nearly died from a bullet wound.
The wound my grandfather gave me, as it happens."
"Oh, Matt," I murmured.
"No pity, India."
I pressed my lips together and nodded.
"I was in a town called Broken Creek, and the gunfight happened outside the saloon.
A surgeon from one of the most prestigious hospitals in New York also happened to be in town."
"What was he doing so far away from home in a tiny backwater?"
"He was an alcoholic.
He'd been given leave to dry out.
Unfortunately for him, he didn't try very hard.
Fortunately for me, I was shot at ten in the morning when the saloon hadn't yet opened.
He was an excellent surgeon, even with a shaking hand."
"Was?"
"He's dead.
I know that for certain because I went in search of him before I came here.
I spoke to him just days before his death.
Considering how much he drank, I was surprised he lived so long.
I knew _his_ name, you see, and I hoped he knew the real name of Chronos.
They worked together on my surgery after the gunfight.
I don't recall any of it, but Duke, Cyclops and Willie said it was both nightmarish and a dream come true.
They told me Dr. Parsons worked on me on a table in the saloon.
He'd removed the bullet but my life was slipping away and he hadn't sutured the wound yet.
I was going to die unless a miracle could be  produced."
"Or magic."
He nodded.
"My friends told me that a small crowd gathered to watch Dr. Parsons work on me.
Another man came forward.
I'd seen him talking to Parsons some evenings in the saloon.
He asked Parsons if he wanted to try his idea out, and Parsons replied that there was no chance of my survival using normal surgical methods.
Duke told me that no one knew what the men meant, but Willie screamed at them to try whatever they wanted to make me live.
They ordered everyone to leave, but Willie hid beneath a table in the shadows.
According to her account, the man who called himself Chronos searched my person and found my watch."
He patted his pocket again.
"Willie almost revealed herself to accuse him of theft, but when she saw what he did with it, she remained hidden."
"What did he do?"
I asked, breathless.
"Chronos held my watch in his hand, palm up, closed his eyes, and whispered some words.
The watch began to glow, but neither man was alarmed.
Willie thinks I stopped breathing at that point because Parsons shouted, "Now!
It must be now!"
Chronos took my hand and placed it over his, the watch between.
As he chanted, Willie saw the purplish glow infuse itself into my skin and spread through my veins."
"I've seen it work," I said.
He arched one brow and grunted.
"Go on.
Then what happened?"
"Willie tells me that Dr. Parsons worked on me again, sewing up my wound while Chronos continued to chant as he held the watch against my palm.
When Parsons finished, he told Chronos it was done, and Chronos placed the watch over the wound.
Dr. Parsons took over the chant and the watch suddenly flared.
Willie said she thought it had caught fire, but the light quickly faded away to nothing.
My veins ceased glowing too.
That's when she noticed my chest rise with a deep breath.
I remember everything from that moment on.
It's so clear, like it happened yesterday.
I sat up.
They gave me a dram of whiskey.
I was still covered in blood, but the wound had been sewn up.
That's when Dr. Parsons handed me the watch.
He and Chronos explained that it would keep me alive.
Whenever I felt unnaturally tired, I should hold the watch in my palm and it would work its magic on me and bring me back to life.
I thought them utterly mad and told them so.
They looked at one another, sighed, then told me I could go to hell.
They didn't care what became of me.
But there was something in their eyes.
Elation, I think, like they'd won a victory.
They patted one another on the back and paid each other compliments.
They began discussing the future of their discovery, and what it meant for the world, but they disagreed on whether it should be brought to light.
I had no idea what they were talking about, but it seemed not to concern me.
It was like I wasn't important."
"You just happened to be the closest dying man," I said.
"They wanted to experiment with magic, and you were there at the right time."
It surprised me that I'd accepted his story and the idea of magic so easily.
But I trusted him, and trusted that he wouldn't believe without solid evidence.
"What happened after that?
Did you see the men in Broken Creek again?"
He shook his head.
"I got up and left.
Some time later, Willie found me.
She was in shock.
She told me what she'd witnessed in the saloon.
None of us believed her at first, but a week later, when I began to feel exhausted for no good reason, she suggested I hold my watch in the palm of my hand and see what happened.
I thought her mad and refused.
I quickly became ill, weak, and close to death.
The doctors didn't know what was wrong with me.
Willie simply placed the watch in my hand one day, as I lay in bed, and I immediately felt restored to normal health.
Not like you see me now, but completely better."
"The glowing veins didn't alarm you?"
"Terrified me.
But I could feel the benefits to my health immediately.
I didn't let the watch go until I felt completely well again.
The four of us discussed what it could mean, how it had happened.
Cyclops had heard stories about magic, but only in whispers.
We asked his grandmother, but she refused to talk about it.
She said magic was dangerous and was kept secret from the world for a reason.
She did tell us that people were born magic, to magic parents, but it was a skill that required training to work efficiently.
From Willie's account of the surgery, it was clear that Parsons and Chronos had worked together somehow, and they were both magicians.
For five years, I used the watch whenever I felt unnaturally tired and it worked perfectly.
But four months ago, its power waned, and I needed it more often.
I knew I had to seek out Parsons and Chronos."
"Before it stopped working altogether," I said on a breath.
He gave a slight nod.
My throat clogged.
I tried not to show pity, but I don't think I was very good at keeping my thoughts to myself.
He studied his hands.
"I knew nothing about Chronos, but I knew where Parsons worked, so we went to New York.
He was on his death bed, with only days to live."
"What did he say?"
"That he regretted experimenting on me."
"Why?"
"Because it was playing God.
It was Chronos's idea to bring me back to life, and Parsons felt he'd been coerced into it.
He hadn't seen Chronos since that day."
"Had he performed much magic before then?"
"Only rarely.
He thinks he must have mentioned it to Chronos in his drunken state one day in Broken Creek, and Chronos, also being a magician, began to discuss mad theories and ways to combine their magic.
Parsons explained that there were different styles of magic, based on one's profession or skill.
As a doctor, his own magic helped him heal people, but he couldn't give them back their life, only extend it for short periods of time.
He claimed it was almost useless, for that reason.
An engineer can create superior strength steel, but again, it only lasts for short periods of time.
A carpenter can infuse wood so that it doesn't burn, but it doesn't last more than a few hours."
"But Chronos had discovered a way to combine his magic with that of other types to extend it," I said.
"My god."
It was genius and thrilling.
Yet so strange.
Part of me couldn't believe I was discussing magic without giggling.
Perhaps tomorrow I would wake up from this dream and laugh about it.
But Matt's grim nod was very real.
"Chronos had never combined his magic with a doctor's before.
Indeed, he'd only worked with carpenters and the like until that day in Broken Creek.
Chronos knew he could extend the magic of other magicians, but extending the life of a dying man had never been tried, to his knowledge."
"It's quite remarkable.
So Parsons put his magic into the watch too?"
"The magic from both magicians exists in the watch and in me.
The two entities cannot be separated for long or the magic fades, and the watch cannot work on another human, only me.
It's a part of me as much as my heart or lungs."
"That's why it doesn't glow when anyone else holds it," I said, more to myself than him.
"Did Parsons tell you what happened between he and Chronos after they healed you?"
"After the euphoria of their success wore off, Parsons told Chronos that he had reservations.
He said he would never work with Chronos again to save a life.
Chronos flew into a rage.
He said they were on the verge of something monumentally important to the human race.
But Parsons was afraid of what could happen if the magic fell into the wrong hands.
Chronos was furious.
He'd never actually met a magical doctor before, and he feared he'd never find another in his lifetime.
Apparently they're the rarest magicians."
"I wonder if he did ever meet another."
Matt shrugged.
"Parsons couldn't help me fix the watch.
As the problem is in the horology magic, not the medical magic, a timepiece magician is required to service the watch.
No ordinary watchmaker can do it."
"What about a different magic watchmaker?"
I asked, curling my fingers around my own watch.
"One who isn't Chronos, but is a magician?"
"Parsons seemed to think only the original magician can fix it."
I looked down at my fist.
My watch's case felt cool now, not warm as it had been the evening before, when McTierney attacked me.
I swallowed heavily.
My mind was a jumble of questions and theories, all vying for attention.
I managed to sort through them.
There was only one pressing point.
What if Parsons was wrong?
"Matt," I whispered, looking up at him.
He crouched before me.
His gaze searched mine, worried and yet curious too.
"What is it, India?"
"Last nightmy watch wrapped itself around McTierney's wrist and shocked him.
It almost killed him."
I opened my fist and he plucked the watch off my palm.
He inspected it and opened the case.
"Did your father make it?"
I nodded.
"Do you think he could have been a magician?"
"I don't know.
But that watch chimed and moved of its own accord.
I think the clock in the gambling house saved me too."
I told him how it had dipped unexpectedly when I threw it to knock over Lord Dennison.
"That reminds me," he said darkly.
"I ought to pay him a visit."
"You'll do no such thing.
The incident is in the past.
Anyway, what I'm trying to tell you is, I handled that clock.
I toyed with its mechanisms for something to do while Willie played.
Just as I've taken this watch apart and put it back together dozens of times."
His eyes widened.
"You think _you're_ a magician?
I admit that I have wondered.
My watch feels warmer when you're near, as if it's responding to your  presence."
I lifted one shoulder.
"I don't know what to think.
The entire concept of magic is so new to me, and so very strange.
I know nothing about it."
He placed the watch back in my palm and closed his hand around mine.
"I know so little as well."
"Mattif I amI might be able to help you."
I placed my hand over the pocket of his waistcoat.
His watch heated at my touch.
We both felt it.
He swallowed hard and nodded.
Then he pulled the watch out.
"Take it apart.
Do whatever you did to your watch and that clock and we'll see if it makes a difference."
I didn't tell him I already had done so before taking it to him at Vine Street Police Station.
Perhaps now that I knew a little more, my magic would show me what to do.
I set to work immediately.
He didn't stay.
I removed the parts and laid them out.
I cleaned them, inspected them, and returned them to their place again.
It was easy; the mechanism was uncomplicated.
But I felt no strange pull, no magic at work.
Matt returned carrying tea and sandwiches on a tray.
"Aunt is asking when you'll be ready to go shopping," he said, setting it down beside me.
"You're finished?"
I snapped the watch case closed and held it out to him by the chain.
He accepted it and closed his fist around it.
It immediately glowed and the magic flowed into him, lighting his veins.
I watched its progress up his throat, over his face to his hairline.
He breathed, breathed again, then returned it to his pocket.
His color returned to normal.
"Well?"
I prompted, no longer able to sit.
"How do you feel?"
"Like I could kiss you."
My breath hitched.
"So it works more efficiently now?"
"I don't know.
I won't know for a few more hours, but I still want to kiss you."
He smiled.
He looked happier than I'd ever seen him.
"I've shocked you."
"Yes," I said, turning away so he couldn't see my flushed face.
"Tell me how you feel later."
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
Matt's watch was not fixed.
He still needed to use it every few hours, instead of every week, like it had once been.
He told me in private in the library after dinner.
"I just used it again," he said.
I clasped my brandy tumbler in both hands and stared into the liquid.
My vision blurred.
I swallowed the entire contents.
"I'm sorry, Matt."
He plucked the glass out of my hand.
"It's not your fault."
"I know," I said heavily.
Yet I felt like I'd failed him.
"Do you think my magic is different to Chronos's?"
"I've been considering that, but I honestly don't know.
I wonder if your magic is simply raw.
Perhaps, with training, you could extend the life of my watch."
But there was no one to train me.
And with magic being such a deep secret, we were unlikely to find a magician in the newspaper advertisements.
Even worse, we were unlikely to find Chronos himself.
"Perhaps if we discuss this development with the guild"
"No."
He slammed the glass down on the table.
"No, India, you are not to mention magic to them.
You saw their faces.
They already dislike you.
This will make it worse for you.
Besides, from what Dr. Parsons told me, the authorities are the most fearful of magicians.
We don't have guilds in America, but there are committees and other groups that govern trades and crafts.
He claimed magicians are not welcome.
They're reviled, in fact.
You must keep your magic a secret, India.
Understand?"
I nodded.
"Since Abercrombie and the other members were fearful of me, they must have suspected I possessed magic," I said.
"But how?
Did they sense it, do you think?"
"Perhaps.
Or did they know your father was magic, even though he didn't use it?
Perhaps they learned as much when he was dying, since you said it wasn't until around that time that they became fearful of you."
"A little before, when he tried to get them to admit me to the guild," I said, absently.
"But Father wasn't a magician.
I would have known, or suspected.
He was never anything but normal."
He refilled my glass from the decanter on the sideboard and handed it to me.
"I'm sure there's a logical explanation."
I sighed.
"I suppose there must be."
I drank in silence, feeling his intense gaze on me but not daring to meet it.
My cheeks were warm enough.
"Tell me what you said to Abercrombie to get him to cease accusing me of theft.
He claimed you threatened him."
"It was hardly a threat.
I merely explained that I work for the police on two continents and am a personal friend to Commissioner Munro.
As such, Munro is more likely to believe my account of events over his."
"That's it?
There were no threats made to his person?"
"I may have used language and a tone of voice that seems to scare some people easily."
"Ah yes, _that_ voice.
I've heard it. "
I smiled.
"Thank you, Matt.
I appreciate it."
He waved a hand.
"It's nothing."
It didn't feel like nothing, but I let the matter rest.
"Do the others know that I tried to fix your watch?"
He nodded.
"They've been urging me to ask you."
He fished in his inside jacket pocket and pulled out an envelope.
"There's another reason I called you in here."
"Oh?"
"This arrived for you while you were out.
I wanted to give it to you in private."
It was a telegram, all the way from America.
"It says that Dorchester is indeed Patrick McTierney."
I read on and gasped.
"The reward will be sent to me at this address in gold bullion!"
I bit my lip but couldn't stop my smile.
I re-read the telegram then looked up at Matt.
He smiled.
"I am to get the reward?"
"Of course."
"Buthe was here because of you."
"You caught him."
"It's your job, and you have all these people to support."
"India, I'm a man of independent means.
My father saw to that.
He worked hard after he escaped his family here, and built a property empire that spans the globe.
I don't need the reward money."
His eyes sparkled as he perched on the table next to me.
"So what will you do with it?"
"I don't know.
How much is two thousand dollars in English money?"
"About four hundred pounds."
"Four hundred!"
I downed the rest of my brandy in one gulp.
Matt took the glass off me.
"Steady, India, or I'll have to carry you to your room."
I hardly heard him.
Four hundred pounds was more than my father earned in a year.
Was it enough to buy my own shop and equipment?
Was it enough to buy out Eddie?
Perhaps, but I still couldn't be a shopkeeper.
The guild would never grant me a license.
I could buy myself a small house and rent out a spare room to lodgers.
The possibilities were endless and rather exciting.
Even better, I didn't have to make a decision yet.
For now, I would remain as Miss Glass's companion and live at Park Street.
"Matt, do you know a man of business here in London who can help me invest the gold for the time being?"
"My father's lawyer will know someone."
"Nothing risky.
I don't want to lose it."
"Then perhaps a bank vault for now, until such time as you need it."
He lifted his glass in salute.
"Congratulations, India, you are now a woman of independent means.
You deserve it."
Warmth spread through me at his crooked smile.
The brandy must be taking effect.
"Matt!"
Duke shouted from just outside the door.
"Matt, you in here?"
He pushed open the door and grunted.
"Good.
Go and stop your hare-brained cousin from ruining her life."
Matt glanced at me and sighed.
He set his glass down and pushed off from the table.
"What's she doing now?"
"Going to meet Lord Travers to try and win back her locket."
"How?"
Matt asked.
"She hasn't got anything left to gamble with."
"She's wearing a dress."
"Hell."
Matt stormed out of the library, leaving me wondering how Willie wearing a dress was a problem.
And then it struck me.
She was going to offer _herself_ to Lord Travers as payment.
I picked up my skirts and raced after Duke and Matt.
I found them confronting Willie in her room.
She'd applied some color to her cheeks and lips, and her hair flowed around her shoulders.
She was beautiful.
"You look like a whore!"
Duke snarled.
"That's the point," she shot back.
She eyed Matt, standing with rigid shoulders, his entire body expanding with his deep breaths.
I suspected the deep breathing was an attempt to control his temper, but it wasn't working particularly well.
I was glad the hard gleam in his eye wasn't directed at me.
I stepped between them.
"I'll lend you the money," I told Willie.
"I have some coming to me shortly.
Perhaps Lord Travers will accept a promissory for now."
Willie blinked at me, but it didn't stop her eyes filling with tears.
"You would do that for me?"
"Of course."
"I can't accept it.
This is my predicament, and I'll get myself out of it.
Thank you, but I don't want your money.
Or yours, Matt."
"I'm not offering you any," he snarled.
"I'm going to win the locket back for you.
Get your coat."
He turned and marched out of the room.
"Is he a good poker player?"
I asked when he was out of earshot.
"He's the best there is," Willie said quietly.
"Was," Duke said.
"He hasn't played since the gunfight with his grandfather.
He gave up all his gambling and drinking ways after that."
"It's not something you forget," Willie told him.
"You better hope not.
Come on, let's go."
"I'll get my coat," I said, hurrying to my own room.
!
[](images/break-dinkus-palatino-screen-fixed.png)
Mr. Unger agreed to the private game between Lord Travers and Matt.
The hush that had descended upon our entrance lifted as excited voices eagerly placed wagers on who would win.
All the games were suspended so everyone could watch.
Unger rearranged the furniture and Travers and Matt took their seats.
Lord Dennison wedged himself between me and Duke.
The scar on his forehead from the wound inflicted by the clock looked red and raw.
"What a pleasant surprise," he murmured thickly in my ear.
"If your friend loses, will you wager yourself this time?
I'll be tempted to play"
He was suddenly ripped away.
Matt held him by the collar, pulling it tight and high at Dennison's throat.
Dennison's struggles only managed to give him a red face, and score a few laughs from the others at his expense.
"Is this the fellow?"
Matt growled at me.
I lifted my chin.
"If it is, what will you do to him?"
Matt looked to Dennison then to me, then to the table.
"Take him for every last penny."
"In that case, yes it is."
Excited whispers rippled through the crowd.
They scented a dangerously thrilling game ahead.
Matt shoved Dennison down onto a chair.
"If you don't play, I'll take you out the back and flog you."
"This is outrageous!"
Dennison spluttered.
"Do you know who I am?"
"Enlighten me."
Dennison plucked at his collar and stretched his neck.
"I'm Lord Dennison!
The son of the Earl of Morecombe."
Travers snorted.
"He's not important.
Come now, let's play."
He lit a cigar and leaned back in his chair.
"Stand," Matt ordered.
"Pardon?"
Travers chomped on his cigar and didn't move.
"Stand up so I can see that you're not hiding anything."
"Check his pockets," Willie said.
"Bloody hell!"
Travers muttered, but he pushed his chair back and heaved himself up.
"Never been treated this way by an _Englishman_.
Duke checked Travers's pockets and the chair itself, and declared he'd found nothing untoward.
Travers snorted as he sat.
"I'm not a cheat."
I elbowed Willie when she opened her mouth to protest.
She shut it with a grumble.
"Deal," Matt ordered the dealer.
"What have you got to stake?"
he asked Dennison.
"Nothing," Dennison said.
"Lost it all at hazard."
"Did you come in a conveyance?"
"Of course."
"Then I accept that."
Lord Dennison lost his conveyance on the first hand.
He slunk away from the table, his head low, muttering how his father was going to rake him over hot coals when he learned what he'd lost.
"Stay where I can see you," Matt ordered Dennison, pointing to a spot well away from me.
Travers was a little harder to beat, but Matt did it with only a pair of eights after a mere ten hands were played.
Travers could have won with his pair of jacks but he folded too soon.
He handed over the locket.
Willie swooped on it and slipped it around her neck.
Matt rose and nodded at the dealer and Unger.
"Wait!"
Travers cried when he realized Matt was leaving.
"Another game.
Give me a chance to learn from you.
Your skill is sublime.
I couldn't get your measure at all, not even a little."
He grabbed Matt's arm as he went to walk off, but missed and almost toppled off his chair.
"Come now, sir, we can make it as interesting as you like.
I'm a bloody rich man.
Ask anyone here."
Matt gave him a look of utter contempt.
"Good evening to you."
To Dennison he said, "Come and point out your carriage and tell your driver he's no longer required."
Dennison followed us down the stairs, past the porters, his head low and shoulders stooped.
Outside, a carriage came forward when one of the drivers recognized his master.
Dennison gave him the bad news.
The driver looked crestfallen.
"But I have a family!
How will I feed them?"
"Work for me," Matt said.
"I live at sixteen Park Street.
Duke, go with him."
"I'll go too," Willie said quickly, eyeing Matt.
She must have suspected she'd be on the receiving end of his temper for some time and wanted to ward it off for as long as possible.
"May I humbly request a ride back home?"
Dennison asked.
"Walk," Matt growled.
He held the door of his own carriage open for me and assisted me inside.
He followed me and closed the door.
Cyclops drove off, the other conveyance behind us.
"You play well," I ventured after two minutes of taut silence.
He grunted.
"You won, Matt.
So why are you angry?"
He'd been looking out the window, but he now turned to me.
Some of the frostiness had already vanished from his eyes, but they were still cool.
"I'm not angry."
I barked a laugh.
He rubbed his eyes and I felt awful for mocking him.
The poor man was exhausted.
"I possessed a lot of vices in my youth," he said.
"Gambling was one of them, as was drinking to excess, usually both at the same time."
"You don't have to explain," I said.
"I want to.
I want you to know that I stopped because I didn't like the man I became when I gambled and drank like that.
I gave up after I was shot.
Things tend to fall into perspective when your life hangs in the balance."
Neither of us spoke.
The hissing of the carriage lamps and the _clip clop_ of the hooves and rumble of wheels were the only sounds.
The night air wasn't cold, but it was dense, confining.
My corset felt too tight.
"I'm sorry," I said finally.
"For what?
None of this is your fault."
"For misjudging you.
I see now that it's not anger but tension.
You wanted to get out of there quickly."
"I didn't even want to be in there," he said quietly.
"Sometimes" He removed his hat and dragged his hand through his hair.
"Sometimes I find it tempting."
"Yet you manage to have a drink or two without going to excess now.
Why not a game of poker here and there?"
He shrugged.
"I didn't want to risk falling into old ways.
I haven't played in years."
"We could play at home.
That might satisfy Willie too, and keep her from going out to find opponents.
We don't have to play for money, but for something else.
Matches or tokens."
His mouth hooked up at the corner, all mischief again.
His tension vanished entirely.
"You want to learn to play poker, India?"
"If you'll teach me, yes."
His smile turned positively wicked.
"You'd better not wager anything you can't afford to lose."
I smiled back, even though my heart fluttered madly.
"Nor had you."
His eyes turned smoky.
"For the first time in my life, I think I'd like to lose."
* * *
THE END
* * *
Now Available:
[**THE MAPMAKERS APPRENTICE**](http://cjarcher.com/cjs-books/glass-and- steele/the-mapmakers-apprentice/)
The 2nd book in the Glass And Steele series by C.J.
Archer
* * *
When an apprentice from the Mapmakers Guild goes missing, Matt and India are employed to find him.
Going undercover as a married couple, they discover that not everyone at the guild is what they seem.
Meanwhile, time is running out to find Matts magical watchmaker.
* * *
[Sign up to C.J.
's newsletter](http://cjarcher.com/contact-cj/newsletter/) through her [website](http://cjarcher.com) to be notified when she releases new books.
Subscribers also get access to a FREE Glass and Steele short story.
* * *
In the mean time, have you read THE LAST NECROMANCER?
Read on for an excerpt of the 1st book in the bestselling Ministry of Curiosities series from C.J.
Archer.
* Excerpt of THE LAST NECROMANCER (Ministry of Curiosities, Book #1) Excerpt of THE LAST NECROMANCER (Ministry of Curiosities, Book #1){{{1 # Excerpt of THE LAST NECROMANCER (Ministry of Curiosities, Book #1)
by C.J.
Archer
* * *
About THE LAST NECROMANCER
For five years, Charlotte (Charlie) Holloway has lived as a boy in the slums.
But when one theft too many gets her arrested, her only means of escape lies with a dead man.
Charlie hasn't raised a spirit since she first discovered she could do so five years ago.
That time, her father banished her.
This time, she brings even more trouble upon herself.
People are now hunting Charlie all over London, but only one man succeeds in capturing her.
Lincoln Fitzroy is the mysterious head of a secret organization on the trail of a madman who needs a necromancer to control his newly "made" creatures.
There was only one known necromancer in the world - Charlotte - but now there appears to be two.
Lincoln captures the willful Charlie in the hopes the boy will lead him to Charlotte.
But what happens when he discovers the boy is in fact the young woman he's been searching for all along?
And will she agree to work for the man who held her against her will, and for an organization she doesn't trust?
Because Lincoln and his ministry might be just as dangerous as the madman they're hunting.
* * *
CHAPTER 1
_London, summer 1889_
* * *
The other prisoners eyed me as if I were a piece of tender meat.
I was someone new to distract them from their boredom, and small enough that I couldn't stop onelet alone fourfrom doing what they wanted.
It was only a matter of who would be the first to _enjoy_ me.
"He's mine."
The prisoner's tongue darted out through his tangled beard and licked what I supposed were lips, hidden beneath all that wiry black hair.
"Come here, boy."
I shuffled away from him but instead of the brick wall of the cell, I smacked into a soft body.
"Looks like he wants _me_ , Dobby.
Don't ye, lad?"
Large hands clamped around my arms, and thick fingers dug into my flesh through my jacket and shirt.
The man spun me round and I gaped up at the brute grinning toothlessly at me.
My heart rose and dove, rose and dove, and cold sweat trickled down my spine.
He was massive.
He wore no jacket or waistcoat, only a shirt stained with blood, sweat and grime.
The top buttons had popped open, most likely from the strain of containing his enormous chest, and a thatch of gray hair sprouted through the gap and crept up to his neck rolls.
Hot, foul breath assaulted my nostrils.
I tried to turn my face away but he grasped my jaw.
The wrenching motion caused my hair to slide off my forehead and eyes, revealing more of my face than I had in a long time.
A new fear spread through me, as sickening as the man I faced.
Only two prisoners seemed interested in a boy, but if they realized I was a girl, the others would likely want me too.
"Anyone ever tell you you're too pretty for a boy?"
My tormentor chuckled, but he didn't seem like he'd discovered my secret.
"Pretty boys can get themselves into trouble."
Girls even more so.
It was just my ill luck to get caught stealing an apple from the costermonger's cart outside the cemetery and wind up in the overcrowded holding cell at Highgate Police Station.
The irony wasn't lost on me, but it wasn't in the least amusing.
As an eighteen year-old girl, I should be separated from the men, but I'd been passing myself off as a thirteen year- old boy for so long it hadn't even occurred to me to tell the policemen.
With my half-starved body, and mop of hair covering most of my face, nobody had questioned my gender or age.
The big brute jerked me forward, slamming me against his body.
My nose smacked into a particularly filthy patch of his shirt and I gagged at the combined stenches of sweat, vomit, excrement and gin.
I wasn't too clean myself, but this fellow's odor was overpowering.
Bile burned my throat but I swallowed it quickly.
Showing weakness would only make it worse for me.
I knew that from experience.
"Come here and keep old Badger warm."
Warm?
It was summer, and the cell was hotter than a furnace with four adult men and myself crammed into a space designed for one.
"I'm next," said the bearded Dobby, closing in to get a better look at me.
"If there's anything left of him after old Badger's broken him in."
Badger chuckled again and fumbled with the front of his trousers.
I closed my hands into fists and clamped down on my fear.
Shouting for the constable wouldn't help.
He'd told the other prisoners to "Enjoy," when he'd tossed me into the cell.
It had only been a few minutes since he'd walked off, whistling.
It felt like hours.
I had to fight now.
It was the only way left.
Not that I stood a chance against the men, but they might beat me unconscious, with any luck.
It was best not to be awake while they took their liberties.
I swung my fist, but Badger was faster than he looked.
He caught my wrist and sneered.
"That ain't going to help you."
The sneer vanished and he shoved me into the wall.
I put my hands up and managed to stop myself smashing into the whitewashed bricks, but my wrists and arms jarred from the force.
I gasped in pain, but smothered the cry that welled up my throat.
"Leave the boy alone."
The voice wasn't one I'd heard yet.
It didn't come from outside the cell but from another prisoner to my right.
"What'd you say?"
Badger snarled.
"I said leave the boy alone.
He's just a child."
I turned and pressed my back into the wall.
My rescuer stood in a similar position, his arms crossed over his chest.
He was perhaps late twenties, with fair hair and cloudy gray eyes circled by red-rimmed lids.
He wasn't nearly as tall as Badger, nor as solid, and I doubted he could defeat either Badger or Dobby in a fight.
My heart sank.
"You going to make us?"
Dobby asked.
The man shrugged then winced, as if the movement hurt.
He sported a bruise on his cheek, and his blond hair was matted with blood.
"One must try.
It's the decent thing to do."
"'One must try.'"
Badger mimicked the other man's toff accent to perfection.
Dobby and the fourth prisoner, lounging on the cot bed, laughed.
Dobby straightened his back, threw out his chest, and affected a feminine walk to where the man stood.
The prisoner on the bed laughed even harder at the hairy beast's acting.
"Oh, protect me from these brutes, sir," whimpered Dobby in a high voice.
"You're my hero."
The blond man lowered his hands to his sides and curled them into fists.
I held my breath and waited for the first punch to be thrown.
The man smiled instead.
It held no humor.
Dobby tugged on the lapels of the blond man's jacket, pretending to straighten it, then fidgeted with the high, stiff shirt collar.
The gentleman wore no tie, and his hat and gloves were also missing.
The fine cut of his clothes reminded me of my father, always so perfectly groomed.
Even the fellow's aristocratic bearing was very much like my father's.
Whether it was also an affectation this gentleman had developed, it was difficult to tell.
I wasn't as experienced with the upper members of society and their ways as I used to be.
"Finished?"
the blond man drawled.
I wondered why the gentleman had landed in jail and why he was defending me, a stranger.
He'd get himself killed if he didn't keep quiet.
His fun spoiled by the gentleman's lack of fear, Dobby snorted and moved away.
He turned back to me and licked his lips.
Badger wiped the back of his hand over his mouth and eyed me with renewed interest.
He reached for me, but the blond man smacked his hand away.
Neither Badger nor I had noticed him approach.
Badger bared his teeth in a snarl.
"You don't get to ruin Badger's fun!"
He smashed his fist into the blond man's face, sending him reeling back into the bed.
The prisoner lounging there had to quickly pull up his legs or be sat on.
The blond man recovered, and with a growl of rage, lunged at Badger.
But he swung his fists wildly and his blows merely glanced off the bigger, meaner prisoner.
Badger responded with another punch to the gentleman's jaw.
Blood splattered from the blond man's mouth as he careened backward and slammed into the wall.
His head smacked into the bricks, and the _crack_ of his skull turned my stomach.
Dobby laughed, sending spittle flying from the slit in his beard.
Badger dusted off his hands and watched as the gentleman folded in on himself and crumpled to the floor like a ragdoll.
My heart sank, and it was only then that I realized I'd let it rise in hope.
My rescuer was dead.
A sickening fear assaulted me along with the memories of that terrible night five years ago when my mother had died.
I could still hear my father's accusation, still feel the sting of his belt across my back, and the icy rain he'd sent me into with the order never to return home.
Yet those awful memories could help me now.
If the prisoners reacted to my strange ability as my father had It was my only hope.
I knelt alongside the gentleman's lifeless form and placed my hands on either side of his face, as I had done to my mother after she'd breathed her last.
While I'd been overset by tears then, I wasn't now, and I could see the gray pallor of death consuming his youthful face.
I stroked his jaw.
It was still warm and his short whiskers felt rough on my palms.
Someone behind me snickered.
"You can't do nothing for him now, boy.
Let old Badger comfort you, eh?"
I didn't move and he didn't rip me away from the body, thank goodness.
I needed to touch it.
At least, I think I did.
I'd only ever done this once before.
What if I couldn't repeat it?
What if my connection to my mother had been the key that time, and it wouldn't work on a stranger?
I caressed his face as if we'd been the most intimate of lovers, and willed his spirit to rise.
_Please speak to me.
Do this for me and help me to live.
I don't want to die here like this._
I didn't want to die at all.
That in itself was something of a revelation, but I had no chance to think about it further.
A pale wisp rose from the body.
At first it looked like a slender ribbon of smoke, then it grew larger and took on the shape of the dead man.
It was still as thin as a veil of silk chiffon, but it moved as if it held solid form.
The spirit frowned at me from his floating position then settled his gaze on his own lifeless figure.
He sighed.
"And so it ends."
My heart ground to a halt.
"I'm sorry," I whispered.
The spirit blinked at me, as if surprised that we were communicating.
"Not your fault.
I brought it on myself.
I'd had enough of living, you see."
He sighed again.
"My parents said I would amount to nothing and they were right.
Couldn't even get in a good punch."
He nodded at Badger, who was standing behind me.
"What's he saying?"
Dobby asked.
"He's talking to the dead," Badger said.
"Boy's mad."
He snorted and spat a glob of green mucus on the floor near my feet.
"Get up, lad.
It won't go well for you if I have to drag you over here."
The spirit's face twisted with disgust.
"Wish I could have done something to help you, child.
I haven't accomplished much in my life, but my hatred of bullies is well known.
Just ask my father."
He laughed at a joke I wasn't privy to.
"That's something, eh?
A legacy I can leave behind?"
I didn't think it was much of a legacy, but I didn't say so.
He was my only friend in that cell, and I needed him.
"There is one thing you can do for me before you go," I whispered.
"What's he saying?"
Dobby repeated.
"I don't bloody care."
Badger's hand closed around my shoulder and he wrenched me away from the body.
He fumbled with the front of his trousers again.
I had only seconds.
"Get back into your body," I told the spirit.
I no longer kept my voice low.
He needed to hear me, and it didn't matter who else did now.
The die was already cast.
The spirit didn't move.
"How?"
I wasn't entirely sure.
When my mother had done it, she'd simply floated back down into her body when I'd asked her to.
"Lie on yourself," I told him.
Badger's fingers gripped my jaw, smashing the inside of my mouth into my teeth.
"Shut it," he snapped.
"I don't want to hear no lunatic talk.
Do ye hear me?"
"He's soft in the head."
Dobby bent to get a better look at me.
If Badger hadnt been holding my jaw, I would have smashed my forehead into his nose.
"Bloody hell!"
The other prisoner leapt off the bed, his eyes huge.
"He's still alive!"
Badger let me go.
He stumbled back and stared at the now standing body.
It wasn't alive, but the spirit had re-entered it and was controlling it.
Even though I knew what was happening, the sight still made my blood run cold.
The body turned to Badger.
The insipid, blank eyes of the dead man were as lifeless as they had been moments ago, and I wasn't certain how the spirit could see through them.
The third prisoner crossed himself.
Dobby mewled.
Badger continued to stumble backward until he fell over his own feet and landed heavily on his backside.
"Whatmedo?"
The brittle, thin voice coming from the corpse startled me as much as it did the prisoners.
It was nothing like the spirit's smooth one.
It was as if he labored to get the dead vocal organs working.
"I don't know," I said.
"Jesus christ," Dobby muttered.
He joined the other prisoner in the cell corner, as far away from the body and me as possible.
"Youcontrolme."
The body bent over the cowering, sweating Badger.
The brute looked like he'd pee his trousers if the dead man got any closer.
"Kill?"
"Can you?"
I asked.
It wasn't a request but an honest question, since the gentleman hadn't been able to so much as punch Badger when he'd been alive.
As the color drained from Badger's face, I realized how it must have sounded.
I didn't correct myself.
"Constable!"
Badger screamed.
"Constable, get this madman out of here!"
Was he referring to the reanimated corpse or me?
I laughed.
I couldn't help it.
Perhaps I _was_ mad, but seeing the cruel Badger frightened out of his wits was the most gratifying experience of my life, and I was going to enjoy it while it  lasted.
Unfortunately that wasn't long.
The constable's face appeared at the slit in the door.
"What's all this noise about?"
"Get it out!
Get it out!"
Badger threw his arms over his face, like a child hiding under the sheets at night.
"Shut up in there!"
"He's gone mad," I said to the guard.
Badger kept screaming at the constable to remove "the devil," and the other prisoner joined in.
Dobby slunk back against the wall, away from us.
Away from the door.
The door that was now opening.
"Bloody hell, don't make me come in there, you bleedin' idiot," said the constable, as he stepped into the cell.
He wasn't armed, and his attention was distracted by Badger and the others.
"What's got up your arse, anyway?"
"Let's get out of here," I said quietly to the corpse.
Like an automaton, the body turned stiffly toward the door.
The constable took one look at those dead eyes and fell to his knees.
"Devil," he muttered before launching into an earnest prayer.
I almost didn't move, so stunned was I at the similarity to my father's reaction when he'd first seen Mama's corpse rise.
But a nudge from the dead man got my feet working.
I slipped past the constable and out the door.
The body lumbered after me with jerky, awkward steps, as if the swift movement was too difficult for its dead, uncoordinated limbs.
"Hoy there!
Stop!"
Another policeman ran toward us, his truncheon raised.
The body pulled back bloodless lips and hissed.
The constable dropped the truncheon then took off in the opposite direction.
"Hurry," I urged the body.
"If you wish."
His voice sounded stronger, not as strained, and his steps were more sure now.
He seemed to have adjusted to his deceased state.
We ran along a corridor, past another two holding cells.
Three more constables fell back from us with gasps and terrified mutterings.
Only one challenged us, and the corpse under my command pushed him away.
Easily.
It seemed he was stronger, now he was dead, than when he was alive.
"You there!"
shouted the constable behind the desk in the reception room.
"What's?"
He stumbled back as the corpse turned vacant eyes and white face toward him.
The clang of a bell sounded from behind us, warning of a prisoner escape.
Ordinarily it would signal for all available constabulary at the station to chase us, but none did.
Their fear of "the devil" overrode any sense of duty.
The dead man pushed me toward the door.
We ran, but he stopped before reaching freedom.
I stopped too.
"Do not let them catch you, child!"
"And you?"
I asked.
"When you are safe, release my spirit."
"How?"
"Speak the command.
Now go!"
The desk constable approached uncertainly, his shaking hand clutching a revolver.
He swallowed heavily and pointed it at the corpse.
I slipped out the door and into South Grove.
The street was surprisingly empty, but then I realized any passersby would have scattered when they heard the bell.
I darted into a nearby lane as a gunshot joined the cacophony.
"I release you," I said softly.
"Go to your afterlife."
I never found out if my words, spoken from some distance, were enough to release the spirit from his body and send him on his way.
I hoped so.
He'd died for me, and I owed him whatever peace was in my power to give.
I kept running, not daring to stop or steal anything, despite my hunger.
I hadn't eaten in three days, and then it had been only some strawberries.
My last experience at thieving had got me arrested.
It was the one and only time I'd been caught.
I prided myself on being one of the best thieves on the north side of London, but I wasn't sure I'd ever be able to trust myself again.
For now, it didn't matter.
I was too intent on getting as far away from the police as possible to think of food.
When I finally reached Clerkenwell, I slowed.
My throat and lungs burned, my heart crashed against my ribs.
But I was far from Highgate Police Station and there'd been no sign of pursuit.
I took the long route to the rookery, just in case, and stopped outside the old, crumbling house with the rotten window sashes and door.
I glanced up and down the lane, and seeing no one about I pulled aside the loose boards at knee height.
I squeezed through the hole and let the boards flap closed behind me.
"Charlie's back!"
shouted Mink, standing lookout near the trapdoor that led down to the cellar.
The boy lifted his chin at me in greeting.
It was as much as he ever acknowledged me.
He wasn't much of a talker.
"'Bout bloody time!"
came the gruff voice of Stringer, from down in Hell.
That's what we called the cellar.
It was an apt name for our crowded living quarters where we ate, slept and passed the time.
It was cold and damp in winter, hot and airless in summer, but it kept us off the streets and out of danger.
"Thought you'd scarpered."
Stringer popped his head through the trapdoor.
His face and hair were dirty, and I could smell the stink of the sewers on him from where I stood near the entrance.
He must have gone wandering down there again.
"I got arrested," I said.
Both Stringer and Mink blinked at me.
Then Stringer roared with laughter, almost propelling himself off the ladder.
"You!
Fleet-foot Charlie, caught by the filth!
Well, well, never thought I'd see the day.
Oi, lads, listen to thisCharlie got himself arrested!"
"How'd you get out?"
asked Mink in his quiet voice.
He was a serious boy, compared to the others, and watchful.
He didn't join in with the annoying pranks they liked to pull, and he could read well enough too.
I liked him more than the rest of the gang members, but that wasn't saying much.
I'd almost asked him how he'd learned to read and where he'd lived before he found himself part of Stringer's gang, but decided against it.
I didn't know any of the children's pasts, and they didn't know mine.
Nor did I get too friendly with them.
It would make it easier to leave, when the time came.
No goodbyes, no sorrows, no ties; that was my motto.
I moved on twice a year, every year, and had done so since that wet night Mama died.
I couldn't have lived as a thirteen year-old boy for over five years if I'd stayed with one gang the entire time.
"Bit of luck," was all I said to Mink.
"Move it, Stringer, and let me past."
I thumped his shoulder.
He descended the ladder and I followed, leaving Mink to watch the entrance.
"Charlie!"
cried another boy named Finley.
Mink, Stringer, Finleythey weren't real names but, like mine, they were probably near enough.
"How'd they catch _you,_ then?
Dangle a clean pair of britches in front of ya  nose?"
The eight lads lounging in the cellar fell over each other laughing.
Ever since I'd mentioned wanting to steal clean clothes to replace my reeking ones, I'd been the butt of their jokes.
It made a change from them teasing me for refusing to strip off so much as my shirt in front of them.
"Pigs were hiding near the costermonger's cart," I said, lying down on the rags I used as a mattress.
It was cleaner than the actual mattress that had been dragged down from the upstairs bedroom before the roof caved in.
Cleaner, but not free of lice.
I scratched my head absently.
"I think the costermonger told them to look out for me."
"Serves you bloody right for getting slack," Stringer said, kicking my bare foot.
I didn't rub the spot, despite the pain.
It was never a good idea to show weakness, even among boys from my own gang.
Perhaps especially to them.
"And for going back there.
Again."
One of the other boys snorted.
"What you going there all the time for, anyway, Charlie?
What's in Highgate?"
"Idiot.
Don't you know nothing?"
Stringer leaned against the wall and crossed his arms.
In that pose, he reminded me of the gentleman in the holding cell.
Both blond and slender, there was a certain bravado and defiance about them.
My heart pinched.
I regretted that the man had lost his life because of me.
I sent a silent word of thanks to Heaven, Hell, or wherever he'd ended up.
I wouldn't forget his sacrifice, nor would I make the same mistake again and allow myself to be caught.
Life was precarious for homeless children.
And women.
Stringer rubbed his thumb along his smirking lower lip.
"He goes to the cemetery."
I went very still.
He must have followed me once.
How much did he know?
Did he see me visit Mama's grave?
Or wander around the other headstones, imagining what the deceased had once looked like and how they'd lived?
Did he know I liked to sit beneath the cedar trees and dream the day away?
Finley pulled a face.
"Blimey, Charlie, that's a bit mordid, ain't it?"
"Morbid," I corrected him automatically.
Stringer's smirk turned to a sneer.
"Shut your hole, Charlie.
No one cares what you been doing, anyway.
You got caught today.
You got slow."
He leaned down and poked me in the shoulder.
"Never forget that."
He hated when I corrected them.
It always seemed to bring out the worst in him.
I supposed it was because it made him feel inferior to me, when in fact he was the eldest and the leader.
Well, not actually the eldest, but no one there knew it.
The boys were aged from eight to fifteen.
Stringer was not only the eldest but also the biggest.
He was already the size of a grown man, and there were rumblings about him leaving the gang of children to take up with a band of more ruthless men who lived in the neighborhood.
Two of the boys had even approached me to take over from him, but I'd refused.
It would probably mean I'd have to fight Stringer, and there was no way I could win against him.
Besides, it was coming time for me to move on again.
Mink in particular was beginning to look at me like he was trying to solve a puzzle.
Sometimes I wondered if he already knew that I wasn't who I said I was.
"Anything to eat?"
I asked to distract Stringer.
"Some bread," he said, jerking his head at the boy nearest the board we used as a table.
The boy tossed a hunk of bread to me.
I caught it.
Not a crumb flaked off the hard crust.
I set it aside with a sigh, not wanting to break my teeth.
The afternoon wore on.
Boys came and went, some bringing food and water that I didn't touch.
While I was hungry, they were hungrier.
They always were.
That was the problem with boys.
I had at least finished my growing.
Not that I had much to show for it.
Sometimes I wondered if I would have been taller with a more womanly figure if I'd had plenty to eat in the last five years.
I would never know now.
My size helped me to blend in, so I wasn't overly disappointed.
I slept until it was my turn to watch the entrance, then slept again after Finley relieved me.
It was mid-morning on a dreary day when I got the first inkling that something was amiss.
The boys who returned from foragingas we called our thieving stintseyed me warily.
They whispered behind their hands and tittered nervously.
"What is it?"
I said as one boy crossed himself when he passed me.
"Why is everyone staring at me like I've got two heads?"
He wouldn't answer.
"Mink?
You'll tell me."
But even Mink kept his distance and wouldn't speak to me.
I did overhear him tell a group of boys that it wasn't possible and the devil didn't exist, nor did God.
That earned him an eye-roll.
When Stringer returned around midday, and also gave me a wide berth and strange looks, I decided it was time to go for a walk.
I wasn't getting answers.
I didn't need them anyway.
I knew what they'd heard.
The gossip network among the gangs was more efficient than any telegraph.
I left through the hole in the wall and made my way north out of Clerkenwell.
I felt no fear walking among people who were little better off than me.
It was safer in the downtrodden suburb than the holding cell at the police station.
My patched up clothing and shoeless feet marked me as not worth robbing, and if a man wanted to rape someone, he would wait for dark, and choose someone slower and most likely female.
There were easier pickings than a small, quick youth.
I wandered for hours, not really heading anywhere.
Or so I thought.
When I found myself at the top of a familiar Tufnell Park street, I realized long- buried habit had taken me home.
Home.
The detached red brick house with the white trim couldn't be called that anymore.
Home was where you slept at night, and where people who loved you welcomed you with open arms.
My father still lived there, but I doubted he would let me in if I knocked on the door.
I had visited from time to time, but never ventured further than the shrubs inside the front gate behind which I hid as I waited for my father to make an appearance.
Most times he didn't.
I'd seen him only twice in five years, when he'd invited in a parishioner who'd come to his door.
He'd welcomed _them_ with smiles and a warm  handshake.
I checked up and down the street and, seeing no one, opened the gate.
I cringed at the squeak of hinges and quickly ducked behind the shrubbery.
Spindly twigs grabbed at my hair and the patch sewn over my jacket elbow tore.
The bush was in need of pruning.
Mama had been the gardener, not Father.
There were signs of neglect everywhere, now that I looked closer.
Weeds sprouted along the flowerbeds and moss grew between the brick pavers.
The gate needed oiling and the front steps needed sweeping.
I wondered if the housekeeper had kept the inside clean or if she'd let her standards lapse too, now that Mama wasn't there.
I adjusted my position to alleviate the cramping in my legs.
After a few more minutes, I needed to shift my weight again.
What was I doing here?
Why did I need to see him?
He'd made it clear that he didn't want me.
"The devil's daughter," he'd called me, right before he hustled me outside into the rain.
I'd stood near this very bush, crying, hoping he'd change his mind when his temper cooled, but knowing he would not.
Then, like now, I knew I would never be forgiven for making Mama's corpse come to life.
I was an unholy abomination against God, according to my father.
He should know, being a vicar.
I was about to get up when the gate squeaked.
I peered through the shrubbery leaves to see a gentleman in a gray suit closing it.
He was of medium height and slender build, with brown hair poking out from beneath his top hat.
I caught only a glimpse of his face, but it was enough to know that he was about forty with a strong jaw and nose.
I didn't recognize him, so if he was a parishioner, he must be new to the area.
I couldn't leave now.
I might catch a glimpse of my father.
Perhaps it was foolish to want to see a man who did not want to see me, yet I did.
I never claimed to be anything but a fool.
The stranger knocked, and the housekeeper opened the door.
The stranger introduced himself, but all I heard was "Doctor," the rest was taken by the wind.
Was father ill?
I was trying to decide how I felt about that when the housekeeper asked him to wait then disappeared.
A moment later, _he_ appeared in her place.
Father.
Emotion washed through me like tidal waves, threatening to overwhelm me.
First happiness at seeing him alive and healthy, then sadness that he didn't want me, and finally anger for the manner in which he had disowned me at the age of only thirteen.
I'd heard much later that he told his parishioners I'd been kidnapped.
The police had even searched for me.
I wondered how long a person needed to be missing for them to be declared dead.
Did I even officially exist anymore?
My emotions and thoughts stopped tumbling in all directions with the next words spoken by the stranger.
"I'm seeking a particular girl of eighteen years of age.
I believe one lives here."
The look on my father's face probably matched mine.
His mouth opened and closed, wobbling jowls that had gone pale.
When he finally found his voice, it came to me clearly across the garden.
"You're mistaken.
There're no girls here."
He went to shut the door, but the stranger thrust his foot into the gap.
I strained to hear.
"Are you Mr. Anselm Holloway?"
"Kindly leave my premises," my father said.
"Not until I have answers.
I believe you have a daughter, Miss Charlotte Holloway, who is eighteen."
"I told you."
My father's voice had taken on that stern, commanding tone he used in his sermons, and when banishing daughters.
"There are no girls living here.
Kindly remove yourself from my premises, Doctor."
For one long moment I thought the stranger would force his way into the house, but he did as asked and removed his foot.
My father slammed the door and the doctor walked back down the footpath.
I was sure to get a better look at him this time.
He was quite handsome, for a man of middle age, with the smooth face of someone who spent most of his time indoors.
He wore his whiskers very short and only on the sides.
The flecks of gray in them gave him an air of authority that his soft cheeks did not.
Should I announce myself to him now, or wait until I could slip away from the house undetected and catch up further along the street?
I abandoned the idea altogether when I saw his eyes.
They were filled with fury.
Rage pulsed from him with every determined step.
The muscles in his jaw twitched and his lips peeled back from his teeth as he muttered something under his breath that I couldn't quite hear.
He uncurled one fist to open the gate then slammed it shut behind him.
He stalked off down the pavement, stopping a few feet away to cast a piercing glare back at my father's house.
Then he continued on, around the corner, and was gone from sight.
No, I would not reveal myself to him yet.
Not until I knew if he was as dangerous as he looked.
I considered how best to find out more about him as I walked back to Clerkenwell.
Perhaps the housekeeper would tell me his full name if I asked.
But she might alert Father to my visit.
Perhaps I could return to the house tomorrow and wait again.
The doctor might also return, looking for me.
I could then follow him home and question his neighbors as to his nature.
But what if he caught me and was indeed up to no good?
I had the horrible feeling that his searching for me was connected to the gossip my gang had been hearing that morning, and the thing I'd done in the Highgate holding cell.
It might be wise to avoid him and lay low for a while.
Or leave the gang altogether.
Yes.
I would do it that afternoon, while there was still enough daylight.
After I retrieved my few belongings, I would set off and get far away from Clerkenwell and Stringer's gang.
I pulled the loose boards back from the hole in the wall, but someone blocked the entrance from the other side.
Stringer came through, followed by Finley and the others.
They spilled onto the street like rats escaping a sinking ship via the porthole.
"This is him!"
Stringer shouted.
I blinked at him.
"Who're you talking to?"
"You need to come with us."
Someone gripped my elbow, but not hard.
It was easy enough to wrench free.
I spun round and backed away from the two burly men.
"Don't touch me," I snapped.
One of them held up his hands.
"Apologies, boy, but we need to speak to you."
"No, he needs to come with us," the other man countered with a roll of his eyes.
He was a little taller than the first fellow, and a lot uglier.
His features were put together like a roughly hewn cliff beneath the craggy ridge of his brow.
A curved scar sliced across his cheek and pulled down the corner of one eye.
His small mouth and thin lips seemed out of proportion to the rest of him.
"Right," said the first man.
His handsome face was a stark contrast to his friend's.
Fair hair flopped down from beneath his hat and fell into wide gray eyes that blinked at me without guile.
He smiled a dazzling smile.
"Come on, lad.
We'll see that you get a hot meal."
He sniffed and wrinkled his nose.
"And a bath."
"I don't want food and a bath," I said, hoping they couldn't detect my lie.
"I want to know where I'm going and why."
"Can't tell you that," said the bigger man.
"Orders are to bring you back."
They seemed harmless enough, and the offer of food and a bath sounded wonderful.
Too wonderful.
I'd heard of street children being lured into slavery and prostitution in just such a manner.
I lived by the rule that if something sounded too good to be true, it usually was.
That rule had kept me safe so far, and I wasn't about to abandon it now.
"Why me?"
I asked them.
Had they heard what had happened in the holding cell?
If so, how had they traced me here so quickly?
Money must have changed hands, and a few key questions asked of the right people.
The police weren't well enough connected, so these fellows weren't officials.
Whoever they were, I doubted they had good intentions.
"Dunno," said the ugly one with a shrug of his heavy shoulders.
"We just carry out orders."
Convenient.
"What did they offer you to rat on me?"
I asked Stringer.
"Enough."
Stringer shoved me in the back.
"Go on.
Go.
We don't want you round here no more.
You're trouble, Charlie, and your freak tricks will bring more people to our den if you don't bugger off.
Word's out now, so you gotta go.
Right, lads?"
"Right," chimed in the other boys, even Mink.
I shot them all withering glares then turned back to the two newcomers.
They'd taken a step closer to me and they held themselves tense, as if ready to spring.
If I were going to avoid being caught, I would have to be quick.
"I'm not going anywhere with you until you tell me why," I said.
The ugly one blew out an exasperated breath.
"Bloody hell, stop being a stubborn little turd and just come with us."
The pretty one rolled his eyes.
"What my friend is trying to say is that we mean you no harm."
"Unless you don't copperate."
"It's co-operate, idiot, and well done.
You've just made the boy soil his trousers."
"I'm not afraid of you," I told him.
"You should be.
Death won't be as civil as us."
Death?
They meant to kill me if I didn't go with them?
Pretty held up his hands.
"I didn't mean to frighten you, lad, but"
"Bloody hell," muttered Ugly.
"We ain't got time for this.
Grab him and let's go.
Death'll have our guts if we take too long."
"Death will come and do the job himself, like he always does when you mess up."
"Me?"
I turned and ran.
"Jesus," growled Pretty.
"Get back here!
It won't go well for you, that way."
Their footsteps pounded behind me, but they were slow and I managed to streak ahead. "
_You_ should've grabbed him, " I heard Ugly say.
"You're not in charge here, I am."
"You bloody well are not.
He is."
"He's not here!"
"Oh yeah?
Who's that, then, eh?"
Just as he said it, I tripped over something thrust in my path.
I landed on the pavement on my hands and knees, scraping off several layers of skin.
There was no time to wallow in the pain or assess the damage.
I scrambled up, only to find two strong hands clamping down on my arms, pinning them to my sides.
I struggled, but it was useless.
The man behind me was far stronger.
I stopped struggling to lull him, but his grip didn't relax.
Damn, damn and hell.
I heard Ugly and Pretty approaching and knew I had to act immediately or it would be three against one.
I kicked backward, smashing my foot as hard as I could into my captor's shin, then jerked my head back hard.
Unfortunately, his height worked against me and I only managed to hit ribs instead of a throat, chin or nose.
The kick earned a sharp intake of breath from my abductor, but otherwise he didn't make a sound.
Nor did he loosen his grip.
I was out of ideas.
I was good at avoiding captureusuallybut not so good at freeing myself afterward.
The panic seizing my breath and overriding my brain wasn't helping either.
Should I scream?
Would anyone come to my rescue if I did?
Instinct took over and I struggled again, trying to wrench myself free.
But that only made his fingers dig further into my flesh with bruising strength.
"Stay still," he snarled, in a voice that welled up from the depths of his chest.
"Or what?"
I was pleased that I sounded defiant.
If I couldn't have my liberty, I could at least hold onto some dignity.
"Or I'll be forced to hurt you."
As if he wasn't already.
"Want me to shoot him, sir?"
That was Ugly's voice.
"Idiot," said Pretty.
"What'll that achieve?"
"His copperation."
"Doubt he'll feel very _co-operative_ with a bullet  wound."
The grip of the man holding me changed, but before I could use the opportunity to my advantage, I was rendered immobile once more.
He wrenched my arms behind my back and pinned them there.
I winced as pain shot down to my wrists and numbed my fingers.
"You're hurting me!"
The man they called Sir didn't answer.
"To be fair, he did warn you," said Pretty.
Ugly snorted a laugh.
Sir shoved me forward, but I refused to walk.
I wasn't going to make this easy for him.
"Move," he said, his voice surprisingly calm in my ear.
I pulled my knees up so that my feet were clear of the pavement.
He didn't so much as grunt with the effort of suddenly taking all my weight.
I, however, gasped as my arms screamed in agony and my left shoulder popped out of its socket.
I bit my lip to stop myself crying out and tried kicking again, but it only served to put more pressure on my already burning arms and shoulders.
"Fool," Pretty muttered.
He appeared in front of me and, walking backward to keep pace, went to push my hair off my face.
I jerked my head from side to side then when that didn't work, spat at him.
Ugly laughed.
"Little blighter."
Pretty raised a hand to strike me, but Sir's steely, "Don't," stopped him.
"Go on ahead," Sir said.
"Let me know if someone comes."
Pretty glared at me then he and Ugly strode off around the corner.
"Stop resisting," Sir said to me.
"Nobody wants to harm you."
"Your name Mr. Nobody, eh?"
I laughed at my joke although I didn't find it funny.
"I'm not going anywhere with you until you tell me what you want with me."
"We can't talk here."
"Then we won't be talking at all, Mr.
Nobody."
He continued to carry me forward, only to stop when Ugly's face appeared around the corner.
"Gang of rough looking types coming this way!"
A gang?
They might be willing to help me, but it was unlikely.
Most of the "rough looking types" in Clerkenwell only helped when there was something in it for them.
Yet I had to try and get them on my side.
I could claim Sir and his men were police.
"Rough looking types" hated the constabulary.
I opened my mouth to scream, but before a sound came out, Sir clamped a large hand over my mouth _and_ my nose.
He pulled me back against his body, one arm now bracing me around my waist, still pinning my arms, the other smothering  me.
I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't move to scratch at his hand.
The harder I tried to breathe, the quicker I used up the remaining air in my lungs.
My chest burned, my throat closed, and blackness crept in from the edges of my vision.
He was going to kill me and there wasn't a thing I could do about it.
Fog clouded my thoughts.
I felt my strength drain away.
He finally let me go, but I could not have run even if I'd had my wits about me.
The darkness swallowed me.
I felt my body being lifted, but I was unsure if it were by human arms or the Reaper's, come to take my soul to the afterlife.
All I did know was that everything was about to change.
* * *
CHAPTER 2
I didn't need to open my eyes to know that I was inside a coach.
It had been many years since I'd ridden in one but the rocking sensation was unmistakable, as was the subtle scent of the leather seat on which I lay.
My hands and feet were tied and I lay on a bench seat, facing forward.
My shoulder still hurt, but not as badly as before.
It had popped back into the socket while I was unconscious.
By luck or by my captors?
At least one of them was with me in the cabin.
I could hear soft breathing and feel a gaze upon me.
My hair still covered half my face, reaching past my nose.
A small mercy.
"I wasn't expecting him to put up a fight."
That was Pretty's cultured voice, coming from the seat opposite.
Unless he was talking to himself, there must be another beside him.
Nobody answered.
"The lad's got some fire in his belly," Pretty went on.
He paused, yet there was still no response from his companion.
I suspected it was the one they called Sir then, not Ugly.
Ugly was more talkative.
"Do you think he'll have answers?"
"Some."
Yes, definitely Sir.
I recognized his rich, velvety tones.
"Do you think he knows where she is?"
She?
Who was he talking about?
"Perhaps," Sir said.
Pretty grunted.
"Think he'll tell us where to find her, if he does?"
"I'll see to it."
A cold lump of dread lodged in the pit of my stomach.
He had no qualms rendering me unconscious to capture me, so what methods would he employ to get answers?
Answers to what?
I didn't know the whereabouts of any missing women
Unless he meant me, Charlotte Holloway.
If so, it seemed he hadn't connected Charlie the boy to Charlotte the missing girl.
Yet.
I needed to get away from him as soon as possible, before he worked it out.
With my hands and feet tied, escape was not going to be easy.
The men didn't speak for some time and the silence between them felt awkward.
They weren't friends then, but more likely master and servant.
A good ten or fifteen minutes passed before the leather seat creaked beneath the shifting weight of one of them.
Pretty cleared his throat.
"Odd that he hasn't woken up yet."
"He's awake," Sir said.
How had he known?
The leather seat creaked again and I felt warm breath on my chin.
I opened my eyes, startling Pretty.
"How long have you been awake?"
he asked.
I didn't answer.
I didn't want him knowing I'd overheard their conversation.
The man sitting beside him spoke instead.
"Since we drove off."
Sir was not what I expected.
He was strikingly handsome, although he seemed to want to downplay his good looks.
His black wavy hair reached to his shoulders, a few errant strands spilling over one sharp cheek.
No gentleman I'd ever seen kept his hair that length or in such disarray.
Nor was the hair on his face the latest fashion.
Instead of being styled and oiled to a sheen, it shadowed his jaw as if he'd forgotten to shave for two days.
If he didn't wear such a fine, well-fitting suit, I would not have thought him a gentleman at all.
He didn't even wear a hat or gloves.
I sat up, which was not an easy task, trussed up as I was.
Neither man assisted me.
I shrank into the corner then remembered I was trying to look defiant and unafraid.
I tilted my chin and stared into Sir's black, black eyes.
That was a mistake.
He met my gaze with his own fiercely direct one, and I felt like I was being sucked into a well so endless it would take a lifetime to reach the bottom.
He gave away nothing through his eyes, yet I felt he could see everything in mine.
Surely he must know I was not who I claimed to be.
I wanted to look away before he saw too much, but I could not.
He was much too compelling.
It was only because the carriage slowed that I was released.
He glanced out the window and my own gaze followed.
We drove through a set of enormous iron gates spiked with spearhead finials, then along a drive.
Lawn carpeted the landscape, the occasional tree or shrub interrupting the smooth surface.
I craned my neck and finally caught a glimpse of our destination as we rounded a gentle bend.
I gaped at the mansion.
It sat atop a low rise like a crow with wings spread out in either direction.
The building was a mad collection of shapes.
Tall, narrow pinnacles shot from the centers of square towers positioned between the triangular gables and rectangular chimneys.
But it was the central tower that caught my attention.
At almost twice the height of the rest of the house, it was an imposing entrance.
Beneath the three cones at its crown was a small window, then nothing but dark stone plunging down to the large arched door.
Rapunzel wouldn't look out of place in that high window, but it would take more than a lifetime for her hair to grow long enough to reach the ground.
I recoiled and suppressed a shiver.
Sir watched me with those all-seeing eyes of his.
His expression remained cool, detached, unreadable.
It was unlikely he cared what I thought about our destination, unless he could use that fear against me.
"Is this Bedlam?"
I asked.
I could well imagine the mansion was the infamous insane asylum.
It looked bleak enough to house those miserable, mad people.
People like me.
Pretty snorted.
"An apt assessment, but no."
The coach pulled to a stop and Sir opened the door himself.
No servants emerged from the house to do it for him.
The cabin dipped as he stepped off, then dipped again as someone jumped down from the driver's seat.
Ugly came into view beside Sir.
"How's he going to walk with his feet all bound up like that?"
"You're going to carry him," Pretty said.
Ugly looked to Sir, but he merely walked off.
"Put him in the tower room," he said.
"See that he's fed and bathed."
"Don't just stand there, pizzle head."
Pretty signaled to Ugly.
"Come get him."
Ugly grimaced, revealing two rows of broken, jagged teeth.
"Why don't you do it?"
"Because I'm in charge, and the one in charge doesn't do any hard labor."
"You're not in charge, Death is."
Ugly jerked his head at the retreating figure of Sir.
They called him Death behind his back and Sir to his face?
I wondered if he knew.
"I'm second in command, and since he's no longer here, I am in charge.
Grab the little blighter and get him up to the tower room."
Ugly sighed and reached for me.
I scooted along the seat into the back corner.
"I'm covered in lice," I told him.
Ugly scratched his bushy sideburns.
"Do I have to touch him, Seth?
Couldn't we just untie him and let him walk up?"
"And risk him running off?
I'd like to see you explain that to Death."
PrettySethgrabbed my arm and dragged me to the cabin door.
Without warning, he shoved me into Ugly's waiting hands.
The big man caught me easily.
"You stink."
I managed to dig my elbow into his ribs and received an _oomph_ for my troubles.
"Compared to your sweet smell, you mean?"
Seth chuckled.
"I think I'm going to like you, lad."
"Don't get too attached to him."
Ugly hoisted me under his arm and carried me toward the house like a roll of fabric.
"Death'll get what he wants out of him then send him back to the sewer."
"What information is that?"
I spat.
"Stop moving," Ugly said.
His arm tightened around me and I thought he'd cut me in half.
"You're hurting me!"
I wriggled and kicked out with my bound legs, but connected with nothing but air.
"Calm down, lad," Seth said.
"Co-operate and you will not be harmed.
Fight and it will not go well for you.
Death doesn't like it when his orders aren't followed."
"I don't have to follow his orders.
He's not my master."
"Yet he will get what he needs from you nevertheless.
He's good at that."
I gulped at his ominous tone as much as the promise in his words.
I imagined the man they called Death extracting my real name from me with the use of medieval torture devices.
He probably kept them in the dungeon.
Surely a place as grim as the one we were now entering had a dungeon, with walls so thick that no one would hear my screams.
"What you shivering for, boy?"
Ugly said, hoisting me higher on his hip.
"It ain't cold."
"This is uncomfortable," I told him.
"Can't you put me down and let me walk?"
"No," Seth said.
"Where are we?"
"Lichfield Towers."
"Are we still in London?"
"Yes.
Highgate."
I knew Highgate had some big homes, but estates of the scale of this one weren't common.
I could picture only two that I knew of, both behind high fences and rows of trees.
Now that I thought about it, the front gate had looked familiar.
We weren't too far from the cemetery.
Knowing my location buoyed me somewhat.
If I did escape, finding my way back to Clerkenwell wouldn't be too difficult.
The first thing I'd do when I returned to our basement Hell would be gather my few belongings and find a new place to live, somewhere where nobody knew me.
Somewhere far away from Stringer and his gang.
I got to see very little of my surroundings, facing downward as I was.
The floor tiles in the entrance hall were mostly covered by a crimson Oriental rug and the walls were paneled in dark wood.
Ugly carried me up a grand staircase, his footfalls deadened by a carpet runner.
Despite being daytime, the lack of windows meant it was dark in the stairwell without the chandelier lit.
We continued up and up, Seth following behind us.
We passed many doors, all closed, until we finally reached what must have been the highest room in the central tower.
Seth slipped past us and pushed open the door.
The room was larger than I expected, with more furniture than I'd seen in one place for a long time.
Still, it was bare compared to my childhood room in Tufnell Park.
It contained only a small bed, a dresser, table and chair.
There were no knickknacks on the table or dresser, no pictures adorning the deep red walls, and the bedspread was plain gray.
Yet I loved the room.
Once Ugly and Seth left, I would be alone inside four walls for the first time in an age.
It was a luxury I'd feared never to experience again.
Not that I would experience it for long this time.
If I could tie together the sheets and blankets, I wouldn't need Rapunzel's hair.
I could simply attach one end to the bed and climb out the window.
I glanced at the window and bit my lip.
Perhaps not.
It was a long way down.
Ugly dropped me onto the bed.
I bounced on the mattress and had to suppress a smile before they saw it.
The mattress was _soft_.
"How're we supposed to bathe him up here?"
Ugly said.
"I don't need a bath."
"Smelled yourself lately?"
Seth looked me over and I made sure to keep my face dipped so that my hair hid it.
"You stink worse than Gus."
"Oi!"
Gus protested.
"I ain't that bad."
"Besides, our orders are to get you bathed."
My face flushed and I was glad my hair covered it.
My filth was a foolish thing to be ashamed of, but I couldn't help it.
My mother had been a stickler for cleanliness, scrubbing my skin with carbolic soap and my fingernails with a slice of lemon every day.
She would have a fit if she saw the grime that had been deeply ingrained into my nails and skin now.
"Fetch a washstand and bowl of water," UglyGussaid.
"It won't be enough," Seth said.
"The water will be black before he's even half clean."
"Take him to the bathroom and fill up the tub."
"The bathroom's two levels down.
Besides, Death didn't tell us to take him to the _bathroom_.
He said to bring him  here."
"Then what'll we do?"
"A jug of water and a bowl will do me well enough," I said, sitting up.
"There's no need to bother with a bath."
Seth jerked his head at Gus.
"You get it.
I'll strip those rags off him."
"No!"
They both blinked at my vehemence.
"Why not?"
Gus asked.
"You ain't got nothing we ain't seen before.
Only smaller."
He chuckled as his gaze focused on my crotch.
"You'll be perfectly safe with us," Seth said, somewhat soothingly.
"Neither of us care what you look like."
They would if they knew I looked like a girl.
"I've got scars.
I don't like folk seeing them."
"Me too."
Gus began to unbutton his jacket.
"I'll show you mine first.
Ain't no reason to hide scars.
Shows you're a fighter."
"Or careless, in your case."
Seth's eyes gleamed with humor.
I almost found myself smiling along with him.
"Weren't my fault the water got spilled."
Gus didn't continue to unbutton his jacket, nor did he do them up again.
"No, but it was your fault there was still hot water in the pot.
You were supposed to empty it."
Gus gave Seth a rude hand gesture.
Seth ignored him and bent to untie me.
"Guard the door," he told Gus.
Gus did.
He was a solid man, a wall of brawn that I would never get past without a distraction.
"Don't think about running off," Seth said.
"Death will get you before you even leave the house."
I tilted my chin.
"How will he know I've escaped?"
"He'll know.
He knows everything.
That's how we found you."
"Death's a machine," Gus chimed in.
"And like God, too.
A god-machine.
Don't push him or he'll come down on you like a ton of bibles."
"He probably knows you just said that," Seth said with a wink at me.
Gus swallowed heavily and glanced around the ceiling, as if looking for the god-machine himself up there.
With my hands and ankles finally free, I felt more human.
I stood and walked around the room, checking the drawers in the dresserthey were emptyand looking out the window.
Definitely too far to climb down.
"Go get the water," Seth said.
"I'll fetch him something to eat."
Gus narrowed his eyes at me.
"He'll escape."
Seth grinned and pulled a key out of his waistcoat pocket.
"Now, why would he want to leave this comfortable room and return to the sewers anyway?"
"I didn't live in the sewers," I growled at him.
"You lived in a cramped, dark cellar that stank like a sewer.
You're better off here, lad.
Don't forget it."
"Do I have my freedom here?"
I snapped.
"Can I come and go as I please?
No?
Doesn't seem like I'm better off."
Seth's mouth flattened into a sympathetic grimace.
Gus shook his head and opened the door.
The two of them filed out and quickly shut it again.
The lock tumbled and I was left alone.
I suddenly felt weary to the bone.
I stared at the bed, so soft and inviting.
The pillow was plump too, like a cloud.
But it was too clean for the likes of me.
I didn't want to get any lice on it.
Same with the chair.
It was upholstered in nice brocade fabric patterned with gray and crimson flowers.
I stood by the window instead and looked out upon the garden and lawn.
Large trees rimmed the edge of the property, and beyond that I could see buildings in one direction and parkland in another.
It was a lovely vista, and one I could have happily stared at, yet my stomach wouldn't let me enjoy the view.
It churned with worry.
The last time I'd been locked away had been the morning before and men had tried to rape me in the police cell.
While I didn't think Death and his men had that in store for me, their reasons for abducting me couldn't be good.
Nothing associated with my reanimation of dead bodies had turned out to be good, on the two occasions I'd done it.
The first time I had been thrown out of my house by my father, and the second time, scary people came looking for me.
First the doctor, then Death.
I sank down onto the floor and drew my knees up to my chest.
I had a sickening feeling that I wouldnt be going anywhere for a long time.
***
Death visited me after I'd washed and eaten.
Seth and Gus allowed me to bathe in private when I asked to be left alone.
Still, I didn't undress entirely, nor did I put on the clean clothes provided for me.
For one thing, the trousers and shirt were too big.
For another, I didn't want to get comfortable at Lichfield Towers.
If I succumbed to the comforts, I might never want to leave.
And I _had_ to leave.
Death had something in store for me, the re- animator of corpses.
Something I suspected I wanted no part  of.
He stood with his back to the closed door, arms folded across his chest.
He'd dispensed with jacket, tie and waistcoat, and the informality made him seem less like a gentleman and more like a wastrel.
Indeed, his dark, disheveled looks wouldn't have been out of place on a carnival gypsy.
"What's your name?"
he asked me.
I scowled at him from my position by the window.
I'd not yet sat down on the chair, since I hadn't changed out of my filthy clothing, and I stood with my arms crossed over my chest too.
"They called you Charlie."
I wished I'd gone by a name that wasn't so close to Charlotte.
Fortunately, Death didn't seem to notice the similarity.
Perhaps I'd been mistaken, and he wasn't looking for meCharlotte Hollowayafter all, but another girl that he thought I knew.
"My name is Lincoln Fitzroy," he went on.
"I thought it was Death."
I didn't care if my retort got Seth and Gus into trouble.
They were nothing to me.
One corner of Fitzroy's mouth twitched in what would have been a smile on anyone else.
On him, it was probably just a twitch.
His face didn't lighten in any other way, but remained stern.
I wondered if the man ever smiled or laughed.
I doubted it.
"Are you going to kill me, Mr.
Death?"
"That would be foolish, since I want answers from you."
"And if I refuse to answer?
Will you kill me then?"
"Have I given any indication that I would?"
"You nearly killed me when you kidnapped me."
"You were not in danger."
"I fainted from lack of air!
How could you have known I wouldn't die?"
"Ladies faint all the time and do not die."
I recoiled.
Did he suspect?
I dipped my head to ensure my face remained covered by my hair.
"I am not a lady."
"Clearly."
He came toward me and regarded me levelly.
"I know how long a person your size can be deprived of air before death takes him."
"How do you know?
Trial and error?"
He lifted a hand.
I ducked out of his reach and put my arms up to shield my face.
"I only want to get a better look at your face," he said.
That was precisely why I'd darted away, but I realized my action could have been mistaken for fear that he'd hit me.
"This ain't right," I told him.
"You can't keep me here."
"Who will stop me?"
He shrugged one shoulder.
"Nobody will look for you.
Your friends gave you up for a few coins.
You have no family, no one to worry about you.
For all the world cares, you might as well not exist, Charlie Whoever You Are."
Tears burned the backs of my eyes.
He was right, but hearing it put so baldly stung.
I was truly alone.
Not a single soul cared whether I lived or died.
Except me.
Sometimes, I wasn't even sure why I did care.
It wasn't as if I was adding value to society.
Even the blond man whose spirit had saved me in the cell had left behind a reputation for defending the weak from bullies.
The only impression I would leave behind would be my freakish way of communicating with the dead.
"Tell me how you did it," Fitzroy said.
"I don't know what you're on about, and I don't want to know.
Let me go.
I don't want to be here."
His gaze flicked to the clothes still folded on the bed and the food I'd left largely untouched.
I'd nibbled at the bread and cheese, but the butterflies fluttering in my stomach wouldn't let me eat more.
"Is there something else you desire?"
"My freedom."
He waited, as if he expected me to add something of a material nature that he could command Seth or Gus to deliver to my room.
"I will grant you your freedom when you tell me how you became a necromancer."
Necromancer.
Was that the name for me?
It was quite an improvement over devil's daughter.
"I don't know nothing about necromancing."
I clenched my jaw, folded my arms and sat on the floor.
After a moment, he crouched by my side.
I'd not heard his approach.
The man was light on his feet.
Even more surprising was that he had no smell.
No hint of any soap or hair oil, no body odor, nothing.
It was the oddest thing, and more unnerving than his quiet step.
"There is another who can bring the dead back to life," he said.
"A young woman of eighteen.
Are you related to her?"
"I don't know no women, and I ain't related to nobody."
I hugged my knees and pressed my forehead against them.
"I don't know anything about bringing dead bodies back to life, neither."
Another long pause then, "Where are you from?"
I didn't answer.
"How long have you lived on the street?"
I hugged my knees tighter.
He didn't go on and when I glanced up, I saw that he'd moved away.
He watched me from the window, his arms once more crossed.
The window was on the opposite side of the room to the doorthe door that he'd left unlocked.
"He saved you, didn't he?"
Fitzroy didn't pose it as a question.
"The prisoners were going to hurt you, but the spirit frightened them off by re- entering his body.
At your command."
If he knew that much already, what else did he know?
"How did you do it?"
I snorted.
"You've got the wrong boy."
"No."
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"You do."
He said it with the utmost conviction that I knew I could never get him to doubt himself.
"Is it something you've always been able to do?"
"You're a tosspot."
He grunted.
"I expect a gutter dweller to come up with something more offensive than that."
"A fucking tosspot."
"Better.
Now answer my question."
He leaned a hip and shoulder against the wall and glanced out the window.
A small frown connected his brows.
His distraction gave me the opportunity I needed.
I sprang up and sprinted for the door.
But he reached it first.
His palm slammed against the wood at my head height, the sound reverberating around the tower room.
I watched him through the curtain of my hair, searching for signs that he would use that hand on me.
His only movement was a small tightening of his lips.
"I have tried asking nicely," he said in a voice that was much too calm.
"I have fed you and clothed you, provided a soft bed for you."
"I need none of that."
It was a bold thing to say, considering the man's nickname was Death, but while I was the person with answers, he wouldn't kill me.
That didn't mean he wouldn't hurt me.
He straightened to his full heightan impressive size.
Not as tall or broad as Gus, but big nevertheless.
It would be easy for him to beat me senseless or break my bones.
I shrank away from him, regretting my impulsive actions and words.
It might be wiser to bite my tongue in future.
"Then what do you need?"
he said.
I glanced at the door.
"You will be worse off out there than in here."
I shrugged a shoulder.
His black brows drew together and his gaze drilled into me.
"Who is out there for you?
Who do you want to see again?"
_My father._
I edged away from him and sat on the floor again, my back to the wall.
I pulled up my knees and curled into the tightest, smallest ball possible.
He watched me from beneath that severe brow.
His anger seemed to have dissolved somewhat, but I still didn't trust him.
He was too quick and too hard to read.
He could haul me up by my shirt in a heartbeat and thrash the answers he sought out of me.
A knock on the door made me jerk.
"Mr. Fitzroy, sir," said Seth from the other side.
"Lord Gillingham is here to see you."
A lord?
A real live _lord_ was under the same roof as me?
I suddenly wanted to look out the window and catch a glimpse of this lord's carriage and horses.
I'd wager it was magnificent and the animals  fine.
"Tell him I'm unavailable," Fitzroy said.
"Er" Seth cleared his throat.
"He already knows you're in here talking to the boy.
Gus told him, not me."
I would not have known Fitzroy was irritated if it weren't for the curling of his right hand into a fist.
His face remained unchanged from its glowering severity.
Without a word, he opened the door and left.
The lock clicked into place, and I was once more a prisoner and alone.
I expelled a long breath and got up to look out the window.
A gleaming black coach pulled by two grays was indeed waiting down below.
I unlatched the window and pulled up the sash.
"You there!"
My loud whisper didn't so much as cause the horses' ears to twitch.
"You there!"
I called.
The driver glanced around, but seeing no one, shook his head.
"Up here!"
He tilted his head back and touched the brim of his hat in acknowledgment.
"Help me!
I am being held prisoner.
Tell the" Not the police.
They wanted me over the theft and escape.
"You must help me get out!"
The driver merely stared up at me.
Then, with a shake of his head, he turned back to the horses.
My heart sank.
It was hopeless.
He probably thought me a mischievous child, having a lark.
It would be impossible to convince him otherwise from such a distance.
With a sigh, I picked up the wedge of cheese and bit off the corner.
It tasted delicious, not like my usual fare of stale crumbs that even the rats turned their noses up at.
I devoured the rest, shoveling it in, unable to eat fast enough.
Then I promptly threw up in the corner.
What a waste.
I should have opened the window and deposited the contents of my guts on the front steps.
That notion made me smile.
The lock clicked in the door.
Fitzroy must have finished his business with Lord Gillingham already and come to question me again.
I steeled myself and took courage in the fact that he'd not yet hit me.
But instead of my captor, another man entered.
I guessed him to be about forty, with rust-colored hair starting high on his forehead and a short beard of a redder hue.
He cut a fine form in a dark suit, with shoes polished to a high sheen and a gold watch chain hanging from his waistcoat pocket.
He clutched a walking stick in one hand, and I caught a glimpse of the tiger shaped head as he adjusted his grip.
It wasn't his clothing that told me he was Lord Gillingham, however, but his bearing.
His body was ramrod straight, his mouth turned down in disapproval, and his head tilted back so that he looked down his nose at me, even though he wasn't very tall.
Fitzroy may be a gentleman, but this man was a cut aboveand he knew it.
"Close the door," he said over his shoulder to Gus.
Gus and Seth, standing in the hallway outside the room, frowned at one another, then Gus closed the door.
I was alone with the stranger.
I debated whether I should bow to Lord Gillingham, nod, or take his hand.
I was still trying to remember the proper etiquette for when a boy met a lordand whether I wanted to conformwhen he spoke.
"You are the child."
He sounded as if his mouth were full of strawberries that he didn't want to spill.
It was quite ridiculous.
I had to press my lips together to suppress a laugh.
"Don't see no other in here, do you?"
I said.
"My lord."
"Name's Charlie, but 'my lord' will do just as well."
I winked, warming to my bit of fun.
Mimicking and mocking the upper classes had always been a popular pastime in the slums, no matter if it were Stringer's gang or any of the others I'd lived with over the years.
Gillingham's wide nostrils flared and his pale blue eyes flashed.
"Do not play the fool with me."
"Yes, my lord."
Perhaps riling him wasn't a good idea when he could prove an ally.
I knelt on the carpet and clutched my hands together.
"Please, my lord, will you help me?
The man named Fitzroy has kidnapped me and is keeping me prisoner here.
Against my will," I added when he gave no sign of concern or surprise.
He stalked around the room, pinching his nose when he spotted my sick, then came back to stand in front of me.
"He tells me you have not yet answered any of his questions."
I went to stand, but he poked his walking stick into my shoulder.
"Stay."
"I am not a dog," I spat.
His top lip curled up.
"No.
A dog would do as his master bid and be thankful for what he's been given.
People like you are fit only for picking up the shit of dogs."
Charming fellow, although hearing "shit" said in his toff accent was quite amusing.
Stringer and the others would laugh if I mimicked this conversation for them.
"Where is the girl?"
he asked.
"I already told Mr. Fitzroy, I don't know no girls, I ain't got no relatives, and I don't know what happened in no prison cell.
My answers ain't changed."
"Not yet."
"Huh?"
His top lip curled again and he circled me slowly.
He didn't lean on his stick, and I wondered why he carried it.
It was part of his nobleman's image, I supposed, like the accent and sneer.
"Fitzroy is too lenient this time," he said quietly, as if speaking to himself.
"I do not pretend to understand why, when a good beating ought to produce answers.
He rarely shows mercy, so why start now?"
I gulped.
"Where is Mr.
Fitzroy?"
"I will ask the questions.
Where are you from?
Who are your parents?"
I swiveled to keep him in my sights.
His face turned pink then a mottled red, and his lips quivered.
"Answer me!"
I clenched my jaw and held the man's gaze with my own.
I would not let him intimidate me.
He might be a lord, but he wasn't my master.
"Buckingham Palace, and her majesty the queen.
I call her Mum."
The walking stick smacked across my back.
I arched forward and gasped as hot pain bloomed.
I gathered my nerves and steadied my breathing to control the agony.
If I let it rule me, I would give in, and I didn't want to give in to this man.
I went to stand, but he shoved me so hard with his boot that I fell onto my side.
I scrambled away, but he followed me, stick raised.
Glacial eyes pinned me to the carpet as thoroughly as his boot did.
"I'll ask again," he snarled.
"Where are you from and who are your parents?"
I hesitated, trying to think of the ramifications if I told him the truth about my Tufnell Park home and Father.
But I couldn't think.
The fierce pumping of blood through my veins and the knot of anxiety in my stomach were playing havoc with my mind.
He raised the stick again and I braced myself.
It cracked across my shoulder with bruising force.
He raised it again and I scampered further, only to hit the wall.
Gillingham stalked toward me like a hunter tracking his prey.
With a gleam in his eye, he brought the cane down on me again.
And again.
And again.
* * *
CHAPTER 3
I endured each blow, managing to protect my face, but my left arm, shoulder, side and leg took the full force of his strikes.
And then they suddenly stopped.
"What the blazes are you doing, Fitzroy?"
I peeked through my fingers to see Fitzroy holding the stick and glaring at Gillingham like he wanted to smash him with it.
I hadn't heard him enter.
Over by the door, Gus and Seth stared like simpletons at the lord and their master, their lips apart, their eyes wide.
I wiped my tears and snot on my sleeve to remove the evidence of my fear and pain.
But I couldn't stop the shaking.
"Don't touch him," Fitzroy said in a low voice that I had to strain to hear.
Gillingham tugged on his jacket lapels and tilted his chin even further.
"The ministry hasn't become what it is today without laying a corrective hand or two on little rats like him."
"He is a child."
Fitzroy spoke through a jaw so tight that it barely moved.
Gillingham wrinkled his nose at me.
"Children are capable of duplicitous thoughts and behavior, just as adults are.
Children like that one are vermin, not fit for the comforts you offered him.
Of course he won't tell you anything useful.
Look at that."
He nodded at the clothes still folded on the bed, untouched.
"He doesn't want to help himself.
Filthy creatures like him are a scab on a decent, God-fearing society.
He even threw up the food you provided, the ungrateful little wretch."
The angles on Fitzroy's face sharpened.
His eyes narrowed to pinpoints.
The air in the room stretched thin, taut.
I held my breath, waiting for his temper to explode.
"I am in charge of the ministry now, and I say how we treat our informants."
Fitzroy's voice was cool and ominously quiet.
Either Gillingham didn't fear his temper, or he wasn't terribly observant, because he didn't back out of the room as I would have done if I were him.
He straightened and squared his shoulders.
"You are only in charge because the committee put you there.
And the committee do as _I_ say,  Fitzroy."
"No."
"No?"
Gillingham spluttered a humorless laugh.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"It means that you need to get out of Lichfield Towers before I turn your stick on you."
Gillingham did take a step back then.
His gaze flicked from the stick to Fitzroy's menacing face, where it settled with renewed determination.
"You get above yourself again, _Fitzroy_.
Do not forget who I am, and do not forget what I know.
I can crush  you."
"Seth," Fitzroy said.
Seth stood to attention.
"Yes, sir?"
"See that Lord Gillingham finds his way safely to his coach."
"Certainly, sir."
Seth didn't bat an eyelid at the tense exchange, but Gus, just behind him, gawped openly as Gillingham and Fitzroy glared daggers at one another.
Seth cleared his throat.
"My lord, the, er, stairs are this way."
Gillingham pushed past the men without a backward glance at me.
"The committee will hear of this!"
His heavy footsteps echoed for some time until they muted into nothing.
The tension in the bedroom relaxed somewhat, but a sense of awkwardness lingered.
Or perhaps it was me who felt awkward, as all eyes focused on me now.
I wished they would ignore me.
I preferred to go undetected, blending in with the other boys when I could, or simply vanishing altogether when I could not.
This attention was far too unnerving.
"He forgot his stick," Gus said with a nod at the cane still in Fitzroy's hand.
"Not that he needed it.
Bloody toff walked out of here without a limp."
Fitzroy had been watching me from beneath lowered lids, but now he grasped the stick with both hands and snapped it over his knee.
He opened the window and threw both pieces out.
Someone below cursed loudly.
I hoped it was Gillingham.
Fitzroy shut the window.
"Help him out of his shirt."
"Don't come near me," I snarled at Gus and Seth.
Seth frowned, but Gus approached.
He reached for the top button on my shirt.
I slapped his hand away.
"I'm only trying to help!"
"Don't come near me," I said again.
"I ain't going to hurt you, Half Pint," Gus said.
"Just get your shirt off and let us look at your sores."
He reached for me again and this time I grabbed his hand and bit it.
He yelped and went to slap me.
I jerked away and he made no connection.
It was just an empty threat.
"Leave him," Fitzroy said.
"I weren't going to hit him," Gus grumbled.
"Just scare him into doing as he's told."
"Fetch clean water, a salve and bandages."
Seth hurried out of the room.
Gus regarded me with hands on hips.
"Saying we get him to take his own shirt off, do you think he'll let you tend his wounds, sir?
I wish Lady Harcourt were here," he added before Fitzroy answered.
"She'd know how to get the lad to trust us."
A lady?
That was all I neededanother bloody toff.
I'd only met one, but that had proved to be enough for me to thoroughly dislike the lot of them.
"I can tend my own wounds," I said before one of them got ideas that they would do it.
"You cannot _see_ all your wounds, " Fitzroy said.
"I don't need to."
Fitzroy's eyes narrowed.
"Help him stand."
Gus came forward, but I put my hand up.
"I don't need help."
To prove my point, I got to my knees.
Pain spiked through my body and made my head spin.
I put a hand to the wall and concentrated on controlling my breathing.
Everything hurt, but I couldn't let the men know, or Fitzroy would insist on inspecting my wounds.
The breathing helped and although the pain didn't lessen, I could endure it.
I got to my feet and raised my brows in triumph at Fitzroy.
"Sit on the bed," was all he said.
I eyed the bed.
"I have lice."
Gus pulled a face and scratched his head.
"That's why you were given clean clothes," Fitzroy said.
"Remove your rags and throw them in the fireplace.
We'll shave your head.
Gus"
"No!"
I inched away from both men.
"I'll change into them clothes myself when you're not looking.
And you're not touching my hair."
I'd had beautiful hair as a child.
Long golden curls had reached down to my lower back.
Now it was above my shoulders, with a long fringe, and it was light brown.
Shaving it off meant losing a little bit more of the real me, as well as losing the veil it provided.
"Why d'you care?"
Gus said with a shrug.
"It's just hair."
"Can you walk?"
Fitzroy asked.
I nodded.
"Then come with me.
Gus, fetch salt from the pantry.
Lots of it.
And kerosene."
"Cook won't like me taking his salt, sir."
Fitzroy picked up the pile of fresh clothes from the bed then stood by the door.
Gus slumped out and I followed at a slower pace that still made me wince as I put pressure on my leg.
At least no bones had been broken, but it damn well hurt.
Gus trotted down the stairs ahead of us.
"What's the salt for?"
I asked Fitzroy.
"Your bath."
"But that'll hurt!"
"And heal."
I stopped and folded my arms, but that only made the bruises down my left side ache more.
"I'm not having no salt bath."
"Then you can succumb to either Gus or Seth rubbing salve into your wounds."
"It's just some bruises.
Salt won't do much for them."
"There's blood on your back and shoulder."
I tugged the shirt at my shoulder to get a better look at it.
There wasn't a lot of blood, but even small cuts could fester.
"You have a choice," Fitzroy said.
"A salt bath or Gus will play doctor."
He continued down the stairs without watching to see if I followed.
"You cannot reach the cuts yourself."
With a sigh, I trailed after him.
He was right, and my wounds needed tending, but I couldn't let anyone see my body.
"And the kerosene?
I ain't putting that on my sores."
"For the lice."
It was what my mother had used on my hair the one time I'd picked up head lice.
"I'll need a narrow toothed comb too."
I followed Fitzroy down two flights of stairs and along a corridor.
We passed no one, and I heard no sounds of life coming from elsewhere in the house.
Gus had mentioned a cook, and the absent Lady Harcourt perhaps lived there, but what about other servants?
A house on the scale of Lichfield Towers ought to have footmen and maids, a housekeeper and butler.
Perhaps their duties were done for the day and they were downstairs in the service area with the cook.
I didn't know the routine of grand households.
In the bathroom, Fitzroy opened the taps and the cast iron tub began to fill with hot and cold water.
My father's house didn't have indoor plumbing, and the ease with which the bath was drawn amazed me.
I dipped my hand in and suppressed a smile.
The water felt wonderfully warm.
Seth arrived with the salve, then Gus brought in a bag of salt and a bottle of kerosene.
He added the entire bag to the bathtub as Seth poured the kerosene into the washbasin and added some water.
He pulled a comb out of his jacket pocket and placed it on the washstand.
Fitzroy ushered them out.
"You will not be disturbed.
A guard will remain outside and that window needs a key to unlock it.
We are also two floors up with no means of climbing down.
There is no escape."
With his unspoken warning hanging in the air, he left.
I slid the lock home and stared at the door, half expecting someone to bang on it and order me to open up.
Nobody did.
Seth and Gus's voices rumbled in conversation as they quietly discussed Gillingham's behavior and Fitzroy's cold ire.
I understood that to mean Fitzroy had left.
I washed the hair on my head and nether regions first.
The diluted kerosene burned my skin, but I knew it ought to kill any of the crawlies.
I didn't rush combing my hair, even though I wanted to climb into the bath.
My mother had told me the lice would return if the eggs weren't completely removed.
It wasn't easy to de-louse my own hair, even with the mirror, but I was as thorough as possible.
I tried not to think about being around lice-infested bedding and children again after I escaped Lichfield.
At least I would be itch-free for a few days.
Finally I peeled off my clothes and stepped into the bath.
The salt bit into the cuts, but the thought of being clean again was so alluring that I bore down on the pain and plunged in.
I gasped as my body burned.
It felt like thousands of pins were being stabbed into the cuts.
The urge to leap out of the bath was overwhelming, but I resisted.
The salt would heal me faster, and I needed to be healed for when I returned to the filthy, germ infested streets.
After a long few minutes, the agony subsided until my cuts merely stung.
I embraced it, welcoming the salt into my skin, and closed my eyes.
For a long time I simply soaked.
My earlier wash in the tower bedroom had taken much of the filth off, but immersing myself in the bath seemed more thorough.
I could _feel_ years of dirt leaching out of me.
I used the exotic smelling soap on my skin and hair until the odor of salt and kerosene no longer filled my nostrils, and then I washed myself again with  it.
Earlier, I'd thought bathing would make me too comfortable at Lichfield Towers, but now I wished I hadn't resisted.
Surely one bath and a little food didn't mean I would give up my secrets.
There was no reason I couldn't enjoy the comforts until I found a way to escape.
I remained in the bath even when the water cooled.
Getting out meant returning to the tower room and being questioned by Fitzroy.
While he hadn't hurt me, I didn't trust him not to snap when my refusal to answer stretched his patience too thin.
I would need to watch him carefully for signs that his hard exterior was about to crack.
Keeping my life and my identity safe had meant learning to read even the subtlest of cues given by those around me.
Fitzroy, however, was more difficult.
He seemed to have few expressions and held himself with stillness.
A machine, Gus had called him.
I could well see why.
The banging on the door startled me.
"Oi!"
Gus called.
"You drowned or what?"
"Go away!"
"We can't stand round here all day.
It's almost dinner time."
Was it that late already?
The water was getting cold anyway so I climbed out and dried myself off.
I dabbed some of the salve on the cuts I could reach, then finally dressed in the clean clothes.
I left my old ones in a puddle in the corner.
They were fit only for burning.
I went to adjust my long fringe over my face in front of the mirror, then paused.
My skin was no longer dirty and my hair was already drying into waves.
I brushed it back with my fingers and stared at the woman in the reflection.
There was no way I could fool anyone now that I was clean.
My features were too fine and feminine, the plumpness of the thirteen year-old gone.
I had changed so much that I hardly recognized myself.
I dipped into an awkward curtsy and smiled at an imaginary gentleman come to ask me to dance.
"Why, thank you, sir," I whispered.
"My hair is my crowning glory, so everyone says."
I sounded ridiculous.
I looked it too with the short ends of my hair sticking out between my fingers.
With a sigh, I let it fall back to cover my eyes, cheeks and nose.
"Farewell, Charlotte," I whispered, biting back tears.
"It was a pleasure to see you again."
I unlocked the door and held my breath as both Seth and Gus looked me over.
Gus sniffed.
"You smell better."
"The clothes are a little big," Seth said.
"At least they're clean."
He chuckled and ruffled my hair.
I smacked his hand away, but I was relieved that they still saw me as a boy.
"Come on, back to the tower room with you."
Gus prodded one of my new bruises and I hissed in pain.
"Sorry, Half Pint.
Forgot."
They marched me up the stairs and led me back into the tower room.
I eyed the bed, this time allowing myself to imagine what it would be like to sink into the mattress.
"Sure you don't want me to check you over, make sure nothing's broken?"
Seth asked.
"I'm sure."
"Suit yourself.
I'll bring you some dinner soon."
"What d'you think's wrong with him?"
I heard Gus whisper to Seth as they left.
"Deformed pizzle?
Only one plum?
Third nipple?"
I didn't hear Seth's response as he shut the door and locked it.
It didn't matter what they thought, only that they left me alone.
They had, and the bed was calling me.
I climbed onto it and peeled back the covers.
The sheets smelled like sunshine and lavender, and were as white as snow.
I lay down and my head sank into the pillow.
Heaven.
Nothing had ever felt so soft.
I suddenly felt exhausted.
The warm bath, warm room and big bed all conspired against me.
There would be no attempted escapes tonight, while my body was weary and half broken.
Tonight, there would only be blissful sleep.
Tomorrow, however, was a new day.
***
I woke up to morning sunlight shooting through the crack between the closed curtains.
A cold supper sat on the dressing table.
I pulled the curtains aside and threw open the window.
It was the sort of summer day I used to appreciate when I was a child.
Father would drive us to the countryside for a picnic after church, or Mama and I would pick flowers from the garden and take them to poor parishioners along with loaves of bread.
I'd forgotten how to enjoy summer since then.
Probably because warm days meant the smell from the sewers became overpowering, and the rats and lice multiplied.
I ate the cold beef and carrots, but left the rest.
I didn't want to throw up again and I already felt full.
Someone had cleaned up the sick from the previous day and set out a clean shirt.
I'd have to remember to take it with me when I left.
Seth and Gus came mid-morning.
One carried books and the other paper and ink.
I almost fell off my chair in my haste to touch them.
I took the topmost book from the stack that Gus set down.
It was a novel titled _A Study In Scarlet_ by Conan  Doyle.
It had been an age since I'd held a book.
I used to love to read, although Father didn't allow novels at home.
It seemed rather scandalous to simply hold one.
I wondered what was so wicked about _A Study In Scarlet_.
I couldn't wait to find  out.
But _why_ were they delivering books to  me?
I returned the book to the stack and backed away.
"I don't know how to read," I told the men.
"I don't know why you'd bring them in here."
Gus flipped through the pages of the novel then carelessly tossed it on the bed.
"Death's orders.
Don't know why he thinks you'd want 'em.
Wasted on you, if you ask me."
"Wasted on you, too," Seth said.
"I can read."
"Barely."
Seth turned to me.
"Death says you're to have whatever you want."
"I want my freedom."
"Except that."
Gus picked up a cold green bean from my plate, tilted his head back and deposited it like a worm being fed to a bird.
"He thinks boys want books and writing paper," he said as he chewed.
"I reckon he's forgotten what it were like, being a lad."
"Just because you have no use for these things doesn't mean Charlie doesn't want them."
Seth winked at me.
I worried he'd seen my reaction to the book and knew I could read.
"I don't want them," I said.
"Take them away."
"Can't," Gus said.
"Death said to bring 'em to you, so we did."
He picked up the plate and headed for the door.
"Wait!"
Both men stopped and blinked at me.
Now that I had their attention, I wasn't entirely sure what I wanted to say to them.
No, that wasn't quite right.
There was a great deal I wanted to say to them.
I just wasn't sure where to _start_.
"Where's Mr.
Fitzroy?"
"Out."
Good.
That was one less person I had to worry about, and going on previous experience, I could outrun Gus and Seth.
"Who else is in the house?"
"Never you mind," Seth said before Gus could answer.
"You'll only see us while you're in here."
"Who is Lady Harcourt?"
"Death's mistress," Gus said.
Seth slapped Gus's shoulder.
"He won't like you telling the lad that."
"The boy's thirteen and been living on the street!
He's probably had more girls than you.
Unlike you toffs, lads like Charlie and me dipped our wicks soon as we could.
Eh, Half Pint?
Talk about lovers ain't going to shock you, is it?"
"I wasn't referring to educating the boy in the ways of romantic relationships.
I meant Death won't like you calling Lady Harcourt his mistress."
Gus sniffed.
"Because she's a toff?"
"Yes, but also because she may or may not be his lover anymore.
He seems a little cooler toward her lately."
"Don't know how you know the difference.
He's always showed as much warmth as an icicle to anyone, including her, far as I can tell."
"That's because you're an unobservant nitwit."
I only half listened to their bantering.
I couldn't stop thinking about Fitzroy having a lover.
Like Gus, I couldn't imagine their leader capable of a romantic relationship, as Seth had called it.
He seemed as passionate as a stone.
"What is the ministry?"
I said, cutting through their bickering.
"Save your questions for Death," Seth said.
"When will he be back?"
"Later."
"And what am I to do until then?"
He nodded at the books.
"Teach yourself to read."
The men left.
They continued to bicker outside, until one set of footsteps receded.
The other must have remained to guard me.
I didn't think it necessary, since I was locked in.
I sighed.
Escaping would have to wait.
Perhaps the next time they delivered provisions, I could slip past them and out through the unlocked door.
Until then, I had a book to read.
I pulled the chair over to the door and set it against the wall.
I stuffed the spare shirt down the front of the one I wore then sat on the chair to read.
I was ready to spring up the moment the door opened.
After the first ten pages, I'd decided to take the book with me when I escaped.
My reading was a little rusty, but I managed to follow the story, despite not understanding some of the more complicated words.
I read several more pages before the door opened.
"Luncheon is"
I sprang up, ducked under the tray Seth carried, and darted through the door and past Gus.
"Get him!"
Seth shouted.
Gus let out a string of curses that would have made a lady blush, then lumbered down the stairs after me.
My bruised left side throbbed in protest, but I outpaced the bigger, slower guard easily enough.
I took the stairs two at a time, and leaped over bannister handrails to avoid the landings altogether.
On the final flight, I slid down the bannister to the floor.
Momentum propelled me forward toward the front door.
I hoped it was unlocked, and that I was fast enough to outrun Gus and Seth and got to the trees before them.
Once there, I could hide or climb the fence.
I knew how to disappear in Highgate, as long as I wasn't captured before I reached the street.
"Get back here!"
Gus shouted.
Two sets of footsteps pounded behind me now, but I'd outstripped them by a considerable margin.
I was almost free.
"Halt or I'll shoot."
I glanced toward the voice to see a beautiful woman aiming a small pistol at me.
My heart and feet stopped dead.
I was not free.
* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 # 1
### Estlyn
I slide the envelope across the table, careful to avoid the condensation ring left by Seans whiskey on ice.
He stares down at the black _(12)_ on the upper right corner, then lifts his head and rolls his eyes.
Good.
He has heard of us.
Im not interested in whatever you think you have in here. Sean shoves it back toward me before he stands in that pompous way famous assholes like him dostraightening his jacket, ducking his chin to pretend he doesnt want anyone to recognize him, then looking around hoping someone does.
Always basking in the spotlight.
Always too big to fall.
Except hes not.
I mean, physically.
On his feet, hes short.
These stars always seem like theyll be tall, but they are often smaller than they appear on screen.
Right now, hes puny.
My fingers intertwine, and I glare up at him through my eyebrows.
These precious seconds are my favorite of any meetingthe moment after the scale tips but before the prick in front of me knows its no longer in his favor.
No problem, Im sure the state will place Micah in a good home.
He pauses, the fingertips of his right hand lingering on the tables surface.
The first foster home I went to was, I continue.
My new parents tried to hide the fact that they werent interested in taking care of an eleven-year- old, especially one who looked like me. Tilting my head, I narrow my eyes on Sean.
Luckily, their teenage son had a thing for dark girls with tight pussies. Im sure Micah will find a foster brother or sister to fondle him just like I did.
Crashing into the booth in front of me, he hisses, What do you want?
I nod toward the manila envelope he has yet to open.
He huffs as he tears into it, then sifts through the evidence Ive compiled linking him to his bastard son, the mother of whom is an undocumented immigrant.
Deporting her would be a breeze, and God knows Sean wont want the inconvenience of raising his child.
After what you did to Samsons client, I thought for sure you wouldnt mind your son having an older friend to play naked games with.
He glowers at me and sighs.
Client?
Youve sexually assaulted more than one of your backup dancers?
Its that hard to keep track? When he refuses to answer, I continue, Denise Arden wants her job back and a twenty-percent raise.
He scoffs.
We replaced her.
I know, I sympathize.
I dont know why she wants to work for her rapist, but she insisted.
If this is about the money, I can pay
Your hush money?
No, Im afraid she doesnt want any more of that.
She signed an NDA.
Legally, I should get that money back now.
Now that I know you raped her? I smile in response to his silent fuming.
No, shes in compliance with her NDA.
She wasnt the only one who knew what you did to her.
Next time, pay off all the people you harass. Hes drumming his fingers on the table.
Buying time.
Searching for a way out of this.
I spread my elbows to the left and right, then lean toward him.
My voice low, I ask, What was your favorite part?
How she tasted?
When she said no? That made you hard, huh, when she _didnt_ want it?
Did you like it when she begged you to stop?
Did you fire her when she quit resisting?
When it wasnt fun anymore?
His words are cold when he says, She got boring.
All of them do when they think theyre too good to get on their knees for the job.
Well I sit back, then pull a packet of paper from my bag.
She wont be boring now, will she?
His lips twist into a smirk.
No.
I suppose she wont.
I hand him the contract Denise and I drafted.
If youd be so kind as to sign this.
Please initial all the highlighted portions.
Denises agent will be in touch, and youll never hear from me again. I watch as he does, then snap pictures of each page once he returns them.
As he straightens from the table and smooths the buttons of his shirt, I say, You know, you should always read what you sign.
Into my shirt, I ask, That should be enough to start, right?
The plainclothes police officers in the booth behind me start toward Sean.
The woman pulls handcuffs from her jacket pocket.
Sean shouts over her while she reads him his rights, I didnt confess to anything.
What the fuck is this?
I hold my phone up and take another photo, this one of him getting arrested.
Then I read from the page he signed, I, the undersigned, confess to forcibly raping Denise Arden on multiple occasions from the start of her employment in May 2017 to her dismissal It goes on from there. I tap on my phone.
And now _TMZ_ knows.
They cant make any of this stick.
I shrug.
We really dont care.
And we dont.
It just takes oneone survivorto step up and accuse a star of sexual misconduct, one domino to tip and knock the rest over.
His other victims will come forward in the upcoming months.
As long as his career is over, we dont care if the police lock him up or not.
Once I snatch the envelope of blackmail from the floor, I tuck it into my bag.
I know what Denise requested, but I just cant let the police have Micahs mom.
If they want her gone, theyll figure it out themselves.
My head ducks toward my chest when I scoot past the cops on my way to the exit.
Im not a fan of collaborating with the police, but Denise insisted.
And I give my clients what they ask forholistic justice.
Denise signed a nondisclosure agreement when she and her crackpot lawyer sat with Seans attorney.
Money was exchangedthe amount, of course, she couldnt tell me.
Why they paid her, she, again, couldnt disclose.
I asked instead for a list of friends, family, and coworkers who could tell her story to me.
I didnt need the whole truth, just enough to make him squirm.
She has her holistic justice.
I have my thirty grand.
Or most of it.
On my way out of the strip club, I message Denise from my Google number specific to her case: _Without a hitch.
LAPD have him in custody.
Please wire remaining funds._
She replies within the minute.
_Funds transferred.
Thank you._
_Now_ I have my thirty grand.
I dont usually charge so much, but I showed my face to a high-profile target and the police.
Plus, shell get that money backand then somein her civil suit.
Theres a bar two blocks away.
I know because Ive worked a surprising number of cases at this club.
Bentleys Dive is something of a gem.
Its quiet and lit well enough to know how much regret Ill feel in the morning over the one- night stand I meet there.
I never spend the night alone after I meet a target in person, which I rarely do.
Its impossible to know who can find me despite the security in my building and the fake names I do business under.
I dont have a boyfriend or roommate, and the guard puppy the humane society told me was an Akita mix grew up to be a medium-sized dog that would sooner roll over for an intruder than bite him.
The humane society does not take kindly to returns, but they do take them.
So, besides me, my apartment is empty.
But Im not going to sleep if it stays empty tonight.
Im relieved to see an open stool at the bar.
When I hop onto it, a sandy- haired guy in rolled-up sleeves places his palms on the counter and leans toward me.
What can I get for you?
I study his face a moment, taking in his green eyes and splatter of freckles over his cheekbones.
Youre new. Maybe I frequent this bar too frequently.
He pushes off the bar.
Yeah.
Do you want a drink?
Old fashioned. I put my hand out.
Wait, have you learned how to make one of those?
He glowers as he thumps the squat tumbler against the bar.
Ice?
I nod.
Whats your name?
Cal, he answers without looking up from the glass.
Kal, as in Superman?
He shrugs.
Its a nickname.
Whats your real name?
Linus.
Wow, your parents must hate you.
He snickers.
You have no idea. He tips his chin.
Whats your name?
Estlyn.
After E. E. Cummings?
Who? I wink.
Cal coats the rim of the glass with the orange peel, then drops it in my drink.
ID.
I reach into my messenger bag, then pass him my drivers license.
Estlyn Collins? He raises an eyebrow.
I prefer just Estlyn, like Zendaya or Beyonc.
Whats your address?
I rattle off the phony North Hollywood address I have memorized.
Mm-hmm, and your birthday?
I give him that, too.
Its only one day different from my real one.
Wheres your real ID?
Excuse you, asshole, that is my real ID.
He shakes his head as he bends the card back and forth.
You look like youre nineteen.
So why would I have my ID say Im twenty-five if I only needed to be twenty- one?
Thats too big a lie to get away with.
Or is it the perfect lie?
Look, I have a law degree and a six-figure salary.
Im probably older than you. I reach for the drink, but he picks it up and steps back from the bar.
Dont you have other customers to not serve?
Wheres your degree from?
UCLA.
Cal clicks his tongue.
Ooh wrong answer. He finally passes me my drink and my license.
Aw, you went to USC, didnt you? He nods as I take a sip.
Do you think thats why youre behind the bar and I passed it?
Can I interest you in a table over there? He points behind me.
Or the door?
I shed my jacket, revealing the low-cut top beneath.
Can I interest you in a night of no-strings-attached fucking?
I expect him to be taken aback by my abrupt change in subject, but he responds in kind.
Sure.
Do you have a less-bitchy friend?
I lean my chest against the counter to press my less-than-ample breasts together.
What if I dont talk the rest of the night?
Except, of course, to cry out Linus during climax.
Its Cal.
Sure I shrug, I could scream Cal instead.
I have a girlfriend.
Ah. I twist the glass between my fingers.
Can you point me in the direction of someone less romantically entangled or more morally creative?
Sighing, Cal ignores me and nods to the customer two seats away.
Another? he asks.
Sipping my drink, I rotate to scan the bar for someone single and worthy of my utmost disrespect, but its a Tuesday night.
Its not exactly packed in here.
While I wait for the right guy to walk in, I pull my business card from my wallet.
Its an uncomplicated designa white background with a black _(12)_ on the front and my work email on the back.
With a pen, I write, _listen: theres a hell of a good universe next door_.
I swallow the rest of my drink, then secure the card and a twenty under the glass before getting up.
After I cross the room, I claim the booth Cal pointed toward before I propositioned him, then relax as I scroll through my email for prospective cases.
About half my inquiries usually concern infidelity, and this batch in my inbox is no different.
Since Im in the revenge business, I get a lot of requests to mutilate philandering dicks, though I have yet to take a machete to someones crotch.
Really, is that the most clever way to screw someone over for screwing around?
Also, I operate (mostly) within the law.
Because Im a lawyer, I know that the law is a beautiful and fluid concept created to be twisted to fit my clients needs.
So, no, Ive never accepted ten grand to castrate someone.
But I have accepted fifteen to dismantle a cheaters life brick by slimy brick.
I skim the bolded subject lines of the unread messages until the inquiry from this morning constricts my airways again.
Its not bold anymore.
Ive read it at least a dozen times, the name of the sender more than a hundred.
I should reply.
I have to.
Because if he doesnt go to me for revenge, hell go somewhere else.
Your change. I look up from my phone.
Cal drops a few dollars and a receipt on my table.
After I fold the bills, I hand them back.
You need this more than I do, what with that enormous debt from your second-rate alma mater.
He rolls his eyes, huffing as his fingers comb back his dirty-blond hair.
Still, he doesnt turn down the cash.
Picking up the receipt, I read the bottom.
Cal had scribbled the rest of the E. E. Cummings quote Id started on my card: _lets go._ I flip the receipt over to find he wrote, _Shift ends at 10:00.
I prefer you scream Linus. _
* Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 # 2
### Cal
What do you do again? I ask Estlyn as she flicks on the light in her apartment.
Its clean and sparse as if she just moved in or is about to move out.
No sign of a roommate.
No pictures on the walls or wedding invitations on the fridge.
I wander into the living room to see if she has a view of the water her building is on.
Its dark, but its there.
She shrugs off her jacket, revealing the flawless mocha skin of her shoulders.
Im a lawyer.
For the mob? I chuckle, but now Im actually worried she is.
Shes young and rich with a diagnosable level of hubris.
And her ID _was_ a fake.
This apartment is in Santa Monica, not North Hollywood.
Im not even sure her name is Estlyn.
And who verbally abuses a bartender and then invites him over for a fuck in the same breath?
And what idiot says yes?
Estlyn heads behind the kitchen counter, then opens the refrigerator.
Which mob? She glances over her shoulder.
Can I get you anything to drink?
I step on my heels to slip out of each shoe.
Water is fine. She hands me a bottle before resting her elbows on the counter.
Her shirt is slinky enough that I can see beyond her cleavage to just above her navel.
There is no bra to obstruct my view.
You dont need to be drunk to cheat on your girlfriend with a stranger?
My eyes skim her long neck to her dark eyes.
We broke up a month ago. So maybe thats why I said yes.
Maybe Ive been feeling like shit.
Maybe I needed a win after I walked in on another guys bare ass writhing on top of my girlfriend in our bed.
And it was a _hairy_ assthink shag carpet after a perm.
Thats the only consolation I have.
Amicably?
I shake my head.
How long were you together?
Five years.
Her eyes squint in suspicion.
How old are you?
Twenty-four.
You ever had meaningless sex before?
I shake my head again.
You? I dont know why Im asking.
Clearly, hookups are routine for her.
Im surprised when she says, No. Even more surprised when I believe her.
She looks nervous now.
No, ashamed.
Her hands move to her face to cover the crimson rising to her cheeks, but she tucks her wavy hair behind her ears instead.
After I set my water on the counter, I round the corner toward her.
I tip her chin up until her eyes meet mine.
My thumb reflexively runs along the silky skin of her jaw.
Why now?
Estlyn whispers, I promised not to talk. Her fingers hook into my belt loops, then pull me to her.
She keeps her word.
Her breaths and moans are wordless until, sweating and clutching the top of her headboard, she gasps my name.
No one has ever said my name like thatwith that intensity, that hunger.
Not even my ex.
And never _Linus_.
Not that my ex said _Cal_ often.
Now I know why.
Estlyns grip on the headboard loosens, her forehead rolling against the wood as her lungs calm.
Her eyes close, her skin glistening in the light sneaking through the window.
The sweaty skin of her chest presses into mine as she relaxes against me.
But I dont want her to.
I need her to say it again.
Shifting her off me, I push her onto her back before dropping the used condom into the trash can by the bed.
Her thighs are parted when my fingers and mouth find their way between them.
Goose bumps rise up her slender waist all the way to her throat.
I hear her say my name again, the syllables sharp and breathy, tense, then relieved.
Leaning over, I grab a condom from where shed left them on the bedside table.
I roll it on, then enter her again.
She wraps her legs around my waist, burying her face in my neck.
The dewy skin on my jaw heats and chills with each breath she gasps against it.
I slide my hands under her back to press her flush against me.
Each thrust compels my name from her lungs, crescendoing until she screams  _Linus!_  then exhales another ragged Linus as I throb inside her.
I lie next to her, our feet tangled in the pillows at the head of the bed.
My arms hold her close, my lips tasting her temple.
Im not sure why she lets me.
We both know its over.
My eyes shut so I dont have to watch it end.
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 # 3
### Estlyn
My sheets still smell like Linus when I wake.
I didnt even put clothes on after the second time we had sex.
Or third?
Its all blurry now that the alcohol is leaving my system.
I push up from my pillow to see a cup of coffee and a note on my nightstand.
_i like my body when it is with your body.
It is so quite new a thing._
What is with this guy and E. E. Cummings?
Wait, is Linus still here?
I scramble out of the bed, pull on a T-shirt and panties from my dresser, then take the coffee out to the kitchen.
Scanning my small apartment and out the sliding-glass doors to the balcony, I realize hes gone.
I sigh, relieved I dont have to face my first one-night stand in the unforgiving light of day.
Yes, my _first_ one-night stand.
When I said I didnt sleep alone after face- to-face target encounters, I meant I usually crashed at my brothers house.
But he just got married.
And theyre trying to get pregnant.
Loudly.
With lots of dirty talk.
From my brother.
Its somehow even more disturbing than I can describe.
I sip my coffee, but its not hot anymore.
After I pop it in the microwave, I hop onto the counter to scroll through my email while I wait.
Just one new case request since last night.
The subject: _Please Help: Out of Options_.
Hell yes.
An excuse to ignore the ticking bomb below it.
The body of the email is short and reticent:
_Samson,_
_My daughter was the victim of an illegal act at the hands of an A-list actor.
The court acquitted him, and she lost her job and was publicly humiliated in the process.
Our lawyer told us that we have exhausted all of our legal options, but he gave me your card._
_Can you help?_
_Lola Sanchez_
These are the types of cases I love.
Not the ones where there are no legal options because nothing illegal was done, but where there are no legal options left because its the rich and powerful against the unconnected and nameless.
I reply immediately.
_Ms.
Sanchez,_
_My assistant will meet with you today at Milo Olive in Santa Monica at 1:00._
_Please bring a fifty-percent deposit of $15,000, along with all relevant legal materials for our review._
_We look forward to the opportunity to work with you._
_Justice always,_
_Samson_
Since these last-hope cases are risky and time-intensive, I tend to take on only one of them at a time.
The microwave beeps, and I retrieve my coffee.
I take it and the phone to the balcony, where I select two cheating cases from my inbox and offer consultations for tomorrow and Monday.
To the remaining eight, I send a form response telling them I will reach out as soon as I have availability.
I leave the bomb to count down.
When I started the embryo of this business thirteen years ago, I never dreamed I would have so much work Id have to turn some down.
I also never imagined I could make my living at it.
I was eleven the first time the justice system failed me, and I was twelve the first time I realized I could do something about it.
What Id said to Sean about the biological son of my foster parents raping me was the truth.
But after what had happened to my family, Id known my place.
No one would have taken my word over Brocks.
So, Id shut my eyes and thighs and prayed every night he wouldnt do it.
But every night he had.
It was when my foster family took in Rory that I decided not to give a fuck about my place.
Rory was barely nine, new to the system, and the cutest, quietest redhead I had ever met.
When I found blood on the toilet seat after the little boy left the bathroom one night, it was obvious what Brock was doing to him.
There was no way in hell I was going to let Rory live like that.
So, I did what any rational seventh grader would doI framed Brock for plotting a school shooting.
Itd been easy, really.
Because it was May, he had a current high school yearbook.
I found who had signed it and included them in a manifesto, typed by Brock, then shared it in one of those chat rooms for aspiring psychopaths.
Id made sure to print one out for good measure.
It was all done on the family computer, which was password-protected with my foster parents anniversarythe same password as the combination to the gun safe in the garage.
Since I didnt have any gloves to keep my prints off the incriminating evidence, I put my hands in quart-size plastic bags and carefully removed a handgun from the safe.
I pinched it between my index finger and thumb, holding it away from me like it could go off at any time.
It was light, so I doubted it was loaded, but guns scared the shit out of me, so I took precautions.
I slid the gun and printed manifesto into a hidden inside pocket of Brocks backpack.
The next morning just before homeroom, I went to my principals office and asked to speak to someone _anyone_ about an emergency that had happened at home.
A counselor ushered me into her window-walled office, where I blurted out, My foster brother took a gun to school today, but he told me hed shoot me if I told anyone. Her eyes grew wide as she picked up her desk phone and asked what school he went to.
Long story short, Brock was arrested, Rory and I were removed from that home immediately, and Brocks parents were permanently disqualified as foster parents.
That afternoon, Rory and I sat in our foster agencys office, each with our trash bag of belongings.
He was shaking, scared, and playing brave.
When I reached out and took his hand, he wept.
Rory and I were placed into the same emergency foster home.
Around midnight, he crept into my room and told me he couldnt sleep.
He lay down next to me and whispered, When do you think Ill get to go home?
I shrugged.
I dont know, Ror.
What are you in for?
I dont know.
My mom left a while ago, and she never came home.
I froze.
If his mom abandoned him and no family had claimed him yet, his chances of getting out of the system were nonexistent.
Instead of giving him false hope, I lied.
Im sure she misses you.
Do you think theyll let us live in the same house?
Me and you?
Until my mom comes to get me?
Oh God, could he break my heart more?
Of course, Ror.
Ill do whatever I can to stay with you. He smiled.
Now, go to bed.
No ones going to hurt you here.
But if they do, Ill take care of it, okay?
Hed trusted me as he left my room that night.
I had never had that beforethe responsibility of someones trust.
I wasnt ever going to break it.
It wasnt until eighth grade that I realized I could monetize my form of vigilante justice.
I noticed a girl in my history class was being cyberbullied by a bunch of flat-ass bitches on Instagram.
Hannah and I were both lonersme being the foster kid with a dad in prison, her being the academically enthusiastic band geek.
Oh, and she had a stutter.
Poor thing.
I passed her a note in third period, asking if I could meet her at lunch.
She was so excited someone wanted to eat lunch with her that her response had included five exclamation points.
Over mushy cheese pizza and chocolate pudding, I interviewed her about her problem.
I then presented her a paper outlining the weaknesses of each member of the clique that had led the attack against her.
Now, I said, we can approach this one of two ways.
We can go after them or, no offense, we can make you less of a dork.
She flashed her braces at me.
None taken.
Okay. I pointed to the page with the tip of my pencil.
Alma is the leader of the hive.
She has, like, a _serious_ crush on Wyatt Galaway.
Hes a freshman.
Ooh
And Alma has been bragging about the fact that hes going to ask her to winter formal. High school dances were as elusive as the Academy Awards for middle-schoolers.
But, Im betting for the right price, I could get him to ask you. The right price because Wyatt was one of the few popular kids who wasnt rich, just good-looking and athletic.
She didnt miss a beat before eagerly asking, How much?
Ill have to find out.
First, youll have to try to look sexy.
Do you know how to do your hair?
Do you have contact lenses?
Do you have clothes that fit you?
She nods.
I can get all of that.
Great.
Try to look cute most days at school, okay?
Ill handle the rest.
And look, if he wont ask you, Ill for sure get him to take a cute selfie with you.
Make Alma jealous.
Fortunately, Wyatt could be bought.
It cost two hundred dollars for Wyatt to take Hannah, and fifty extra to post pictures on Instagram.
I took my first client shopping for a dress, styled her hair, and did her makeup for the dance.
In foster care, Id learned all about legal forms and rights to privacy, so I typed up a contract for Wyatt to sign that said he was obligated to keep the payment a secret.
He signed it.
Hannah paid me four hundred dollars, out of which I paid Wyatt.
He got one hundred and twenty-five before the dance and the same amount the following Monday after he posted pictures and kept his mouth shut.
After that, Alma and her minions spewed more hate than ever on the web, calling Hannah a slut and a whore.
_Creative_.
But none of that mattered.
For just four hundred dollars, I had secured Hannahs new status as a high school- dating hottie, and Hannah brought in my first batch of referrals.
The beta version of After Twelve was born.
I continued working jobs through high school, creating a mini empire of vengeance.
My business earned me enough to buy an almost-new car and start a savings account for college, but I struggled to gain a client base when I moved onto UCLAs campus.
I had to start from scratch, and I wasnt used to advertising my services.
What was I supposed to do, go up to girls in my dorms and say, _Hey, if someone stabbed you in the back, Id be happy to stab them back.
Whats your financial situation?
I have Venmo, but prefer cash_?
Besides, I had enough savings and grants and scholarships to cover all my expenses, so I let Lady Justice do her job my first two years of college.
Then that bitch took the wrong day off.
* * *
Ms. Sanchez is already seated when I arrive at the restaurant.
Her fingernails are click-clacking on the table, anxiety radiating from every inch of her.
Shes beautiful, with warm, caramel skin and dark curls cascading over her shoulders.
If I had to guess, Id say shes only ten years older than I am.
No ring.
Just a young, single mom whose daughter auditioned for the wrong TV show.
I drop my messenger bag on her table and reach my hand out for hers.
Ms.
Sanchez?
She forces a tight-lipped smile and stands to shake my hand.
Hi, are you
Zoe Whitaker, I lie, using the name I picked for this case.
Samson showed me your inquiry. We sit, and I ask, Have you had a chance to order?
She shakes her head.
Im not hungry.
What about a drink?
Yeah, okay.
Thanks.
The waiter stops to take our order as I pull my legal pad from my bag.
How is your daughter holding up, Ms. Sanchez?
Uh, she chokes back, not well.
Im sorry to hear that.
Whats her name?
Mia.
I nod and hand her the most important form of any case.
Before we begin, Ill need you to sign this nondisclosure agreement.
Anything we discuss cannot be repeated to anyone.
If you and Mia talk about this, it cannot be over the phone, via text, or through email.
It must be exclusively in person.
She utters a shaky, Okay, and initials or signs every highlighted portion.
I reach for her hand, briefly squeezing it before taking the contract back.
Michael told me once that, in general, I can come across a little horse- decapitate-y so I try to add a nurturing, feminine touch whenever I can.
Can you explain what happened?
Uh, where to start?
Have you heard of the show, _When We Fall_?
Of course.
Its in, what, its second season now?
She nods.
Mia played Jade.
It wasnt a huge role.
She wasnt in every episode, but in about half.
It was her big break, you know?
I nod as I jot down notes.
Taylor East is the lead.
He and Mia started dating about six months ago.
Not much later, Taylor filmed them
She cant stomach the rest of the sentence, so I help her out.
Having sex?
Without her knowledge, then posted it on the web.
Was the sex consensual?
Yes.
Well, not legallyshes sixteen and hes twenty-seven.
Okay, and you reported the statutory rape and the video to the police.
Yes.
They charged him with statutory rape and production and distribution of child pornography.
And who was your DDA?
Raphael Ramirez.
I nod.
Did it go to trial?
Yes.
He was acquitted of all charges.
Because he claimed he didnt know her age and that she agreed to the filming.
Its a he-said, she-said situation, and hes a big star while shes a fledgling actress trying to get publicity to help her career.
Crying rape in the industry is in vogue right now, and the judge isnt buying it.
She sighs.
Thats exactly why.
I shake my head.
And she was fired?
As soon as we filed charges.
Have you considered suing for wrongful termination?
We are suing the director, yes.
And your private lawyer recommended Samson?
No, Ramirez did.
I drop the pen on the legal pad and sit back.
A deputy district attorney knows about After Twelve?
And recommended us?
Either Ms. Sanchez is wearing a wire, or Ramirez is shady.
Or maybe Officer Monroe put him up to this.
But he couldnt, right?
He couldnt connect me or Michael or Rory to After Twelve.
It doesnt matter why Ramirez recommended me, I decide.
I wont be giving them anything to use against me, anyway.
Do you understand what After Twelve does?
Not entirely.
Ramirez just said that Samson can get justice in a way that the courts cant.
Legally.
We cant castrate Taylor or anything. _In case youre listening, Ramirez._
She smiles.
Are you sure?
I return her smile.
Our goal is holistic justice.
In other words, not just accountability for the accused, but some form of restitution for the victim.
What would you like to see happen to Taylor East?
A confession and public apology would be nice.
Okay.
Ideally, Id like an eye for an eye.
Ruin his career and humiliate him like he did to Mia.
One could accomplish the other, I mutter as I take a note.
I glance up at Ms. Sanchez and ask, And for her?
Her agent has booked auditionssomething to restore her career and confidence.
But, Im not looking for you to do anything for her.
Would she be interested in having her role as Jade back if I can get it?
She shakes her head.
Ill need to verify the facts of the case and, possibly, meet with Mia.
Of course.
If I find that your case against him is solid, I write on my notepad as I instruct her, we will work out an elegant solutionsans bolt cutters.
Because Mia is a victim of child pornography, she will be eligible to sue for restitution from offenders who view her online.
Even though Taylor isnt paying anything?
I smirk and add a caustic, Welcome to the legal system.
Though, you _can_ sue him in civil court, which I recommend.
The restitution is not something I have time to handle, but I recommend you speak to your lawyer or Ramirez about it.
Mia should be registered with the federal government to get a notice in the mail each time someone is convicted of downloading or distributing the video East posted. I rip the top page from the pad and hand it to Ms. Sanchez.
Here is the information for your attorney. I pack the legal pad away in my bag.
Now, the matter of the retainer
She stares down at her hands as her fingers twist together on the table.
Have you had success in a case like this before?
Ms.
Sanchez, After Twelve has a ninety-five-percent success rate.
As for a case like your daughters Folding my hands on the table, I breathe out, A few months ago, a college student hired me to help his girlfriend, whod been arrested for assault.
She claimed she defended herself against a politician who attempted to rape her because he recognized her from child pornography.
Ms. Sanchez grimaces.
She had already been sentenced, and the police were unable to link him to her images, so he walked.
One of my private contractors downloaded malware onto his home and work computers that recorded and sent me his web history.
Once the politician downloaded her images, I sent the history to the LAPD through their anonymous-tip site.
Im sure that evidence wasnt used because I obtained it illegally, but it at least gave them probable cause for a warrant.
The politician was convicted and had to pay his victimmy clients girlfriendsix figures of restitution.
He spent six months in jail, and his career ended.
Okay. She takes a few moments to work up the nerve to ask her next question, and I give her all the time she needs.
What if you cant?
What if it doesnt work?
Justice isnt bound by the law, maam.
She keeps a ledger.
Convicted or acquitted, these men are in the red.
Everyone must pay what they owe. That usually gets people to jump in, and it works on her, too.
She sighs.
Is a check okay? and hands me a security envelope.
I take it.
I wont cash it until Ive confirmed that Ill take your case. She also gives me the thick manila envelopes of documents as we stand from the table.
Oh, and who is the director you are suing?
Ron Calloway.
I shake her hand and nod.
Ill be in touch shortly.
* Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 # 4
### Cal
Elliot is still talking.
I didnt start the conversation.
I didnt tell him where I went last night.
I havent said even one word.
I _told_ you the best way to get over Erin was to fuck someone else.
How many times did I tell you that?
Why did it take you so long?
I ignore him as I pick up another glass to dry and shelve.
When I lost my job and girlfriend and the apartment wed shared a month ago, Elliot let me crash on his couch.
He got me a job at the bar he manages, though its only twenty hours a week and not enough for me to afford my own couch to crash on.
Who was she?
_How_ was she?
I smirk but dont take my attention from my work.
He punches my arm on his way to the bar.
Fuck you.
I hear him at the counter ask, What can I get for you?
Old Fashioned.
I glance up to see Estlyns bare elbow poking past Elliots arm.
My gut feels light and my chest heavy until some asshole knees me in the balls with:
Beer.
Dealers choice.
Elliot moves to get their drinks, and I see the guy beside her.
_Beer.
Dealers choice._ God.
Be a man.
Have an opinion.
I step out of their view and creep on Estlyns interaction with this freckled guy next to her.
If theyre on a date, she is clearly uninterested.
From the tablet and notepad in front of her and the glasses over her eyes, it looks like she brought work.
_Shit._ Theyre not on a date.
Theyre _dating_.
She had no qualms about having sex with me when she thought _I_ had a girlfriend because _she_ was cheating on her boyfriend.
Now shes bringing him here?
To whatparade him in front of me?
_Message received.
It was one night only._
I step up to Elliot, taking the bottle of whiskey from him.
I got it.
Estlyn smiles at me.
_Smiles._ Linus, settle an argument between Ror and me.
My eyes tighten on her, then on the wedding ring on _Rors_ finger.
Are they married?
Or is she just having another night of casual sex with a married man?
The gender of a baby cant be determined by sex position, right?
_Cold-hearted bitch._
No, I mumble.
Ha! she shouts and points at Ror.
What?
I thought you could slow down the boy sperm by doing it standing up.
Estlyn wrinkles her nose at him.
Who told you that?
Olivia.
She cackles and tosses her wild curls to fall on the other side of her head.
She just wants to fuck standing up.
So, the hot water from the shower doesnt kill off the male swimmers?
No! She buries her face in her hands.
God, I know too much about your baby- making.
Okay, what the hell is this?
I set her drink in front of her.
Should I put you guys on the same tab?
She covers the dumbasss hand with hers.
I better pay.
My brothers not supposed to drink while his wifes not allowed to.
Oh She turns to the guy beside her.
Rory, this is Linus.
She winks, and every muscle in my chest relaxes.
What is my problem?
One-night stand.
I dont even have her phone number.
Or her real name.
Hes a USC grad, a fan of poetry, and capable of making at least one drink.
She raises her glass to me before she sips the Old Fashioned I prepared her.
Linus? Elliot claps his hand on my shoulder.
Oh He takes in every inch of Estlyn.
Then he repeats louder, Oh Well done, _Linus_.
I know. Estlyn cuts her gaze through her dark lashes to me.
Lucky bastard.
I shake my head and then Rorys hand.
You can call me Cal. Leaning my elbows on the counter, I dart my eyes between them.
Rory is bespeckled and hazel-eyed with strawberry-blond hair.
Estlyns skin is darker and freckle-free, her hair and eyes a rich ebony.
Theres no way they share both parents.
My attention settles on him.
Should I be congratulating you?
Not yet, Rory replies.
Liv pees on a stick tomorrow.
But thank you. His phone buzzes against the bar.
Hang on. He walks away to answer the call.
The Old Fashioned dangles from Estlyns fingertips.
So, I think I owe you.
I stretch my hands out on the bar and lean across it.
For?
You put out last night, and I didnt even buy you a drink. She simpers and asks, Dont you feel a bit used?
I sigh and cross my arms on the counter.
Like a common whore.
Can I remedy this injustice?
I dont think you have a choice.
I assume you dont want a drink here.
A correct assumption.
If I take you to dinner, will I get lucky again?
Thank God this bar is blocking her view of everything below my waist.
I swallow, but my throat is dry.
Depends.
Can I order steak?
Filet mignon if youd like.
Or lobster.
Or both.
Wow, I was that good?
Or that easy.
When does your shift end?
I tap the screen of her tablet for the time.
Its only seven.
Now, Elliot chimes in.
Estlyn and I both turn to him.
Wednesdays are slow anyway.
What are best friends for?
Providing work and time off to get laid.
Rory returns to his barstool, and Estlyn points her thumb at me.
Im ditching you to have sex. She kisses his cheek, then pats his back.
He tips his beer to his lips with one hand and salutes her with the other, apparently unoffended and unsurprised.
Im not sure how I feel about that.
I round the counter and attempt to pick up the shoulder bag she just packed, but she pulls it from me and shoulders it herself.
Client files. She smiles and adds, You can hold the door for me instead.
She drives me to a steakhouse on the watera place I could hardly afford when I had a real job.
The usual table? the hostess asks.
Estlyn nods and follows the woman to a table with a view of the ocean.
Is Gino here tonight? Estlyn asks.
He should be here soon.
Wonderful. She flashes a rich and powerful smile, then orders.
Gin martini, wet.
Shaken, obviously. She nods to me.
Water is fine, thank you.
The hostess leaves, and Estlyns foot finds its way up my calf.
Are you an alcoholic?
Theres a softer way to ask why Im not drinking, but My mom is.
Ah, she breathes as her toes reach my thigh.
How did a USC grad with an alcoholic mom end up working at a bar?
I catch her foot in my hands and massage my way up her calf.
I lost my job last month.
 _And_ got dumped?
Youre an unlucky penny, Linus.
They were related.
Oh?
Were you defecating where you ate?
I smirk as I run the back of my fingertip over the arch of her foot.
She doesnt break my stare, doesnt flinch as I tickle her sole.
My girlfriend slept with my boss for a part in his show.
You worked in the industry?
Writer.
Did she get the part?
I nod.
And I lost my job.
Maybe you should have slept with him, too.
I breathe a sarcastic, Maybe.
Youre not part of the WGA?
Thats the screenwriters union.
For a moment, Im astonished she knows about it, but she is a lawyer living in Los Angeles.
Doesnt matter.
My contract was the problem.
She pulls her foot away and straightens up.
Her expression grows serious and her voice silent as the waitress sets our drinks on the table.
I dont like that, she finally says.
My shoulders raise in apathy.
Theres nothing to like or not like.
Its just how it is.
Linus. She shakes her head and tsk-tsks.
Its never just how it is. Give me your contract, and Ill take care of it. She reclines against the back of the booth and strokes the inside of my thigh with her foot until she reaches the bulge inside my left pant leg.
Her toe runs along it, back and forth, back and forth until it cant swell any larger.
I close my eyes and press my forehead into my folded hands.
I dont want that job back, I breathe.
Thats not the plan, Linus.
I glance over my fingers at her.
Do you still like it when I say your name, or did I wear it out last night?
_Youll never wear it out._ I like it.
Have you decided, or do you need more time?
I flinch at the sound of the waitresss voice.
Ive never been so grateful for a long tablecloth in my life.
Without stopping, Estlyn looks at me and asks, Surf and turf okay?
I nod because I cant speak without sounding like Im getting serviced under the table.
Medium rare? I nod again.
To the waitress, Estlyn says, Two of those, please. When the waitress walks away, she drops her feet to the floor.
The bathrooms here are private.
Want to meet me in the womens when you can stand?
Is she shitting me?
Nope.
Shes up from the table now, tugging her dress down and taking her bag as she leaves.
I discreetly rearrange my dick in my boxer briefs and follow ten feet behind her.
Its not like waiting while shes in there is going help.
* Chapter 5 Chapter 5{{{1 # 5
### Estlyn
This is far and away the shittiest writers contract Ive seen.
Why did Linus even sign it?
I guess if you have USC debt and are a creative type in a saturated market, you take any job you can get.
I firmly believe God cursed all artists with tormented minds and few job prospects.
Thats why Im glad Im not one of them.
Unfortunately for the guy naked in my bed, there isnt anything legal I can do with this contract.
Fortunately for After Twelve, theres a high-profile contact in the PDF Linus emailed meDirector Ron Calloway, the same director that my client, Mia Sanchez, is suing for wrongful termination.
His office number is in the contract, but Im not interested in that one.
Im interested in the emergency contact listed in Linuss phone.
Linus Cal Calloway is the son of son-of-a-bitch Ron Calloway.
I researched Linus after I showered him off me yesterday.
He graduated from USC three years ago with a BA in Screenwriting.
His ex-girlfriend, Erin Kennedy, is an actress whose new role on _When We Fall_ will debut the first episode of season three.
And his dad was the one who fired him, I deduce, after Linus caught him slutting it up on Erin.
For how much of that relationship was Erin using Linus to get to Ron?
She stayed with him _five_ years?
My God, there are easier ways to get in a directors pants.
Though I cant very well throw a stone when Im doing the same.
My one-night stand was serendipitous, as the next day Ms. Sanchez presented me with a need to contact Linuss father directly.
I knew when Linus left those two E. E. Cummings lines by my bedside that hed agree to _at least_ one more fuck.
I mean, does it get more erotic than E. E. Cummings?
Romantic poetry aside, what the hell kind of last name is that?
Its wet with sex.
So, I took Rory to Linuss bar a few hours after my meeting with Ms. Sanchez.
I gauged his reaction to seeing me with another guy, even one as harmless as Ror.
His jealousy couldnt have been clearer if it were written in Sharpie on his forehead.
So I asked him outthis time on a date.
Dates establish an emotional connection.
Earn trust.
Even involve conversation about familythe family I need as much filth on as I can get.
Its nearly four in the morning by the time I have a solid plan for Mia Sanchezs case.
Its a few minutes after four when I finally have the courage to reply to the email thats been threatening to explode my inbox for forty- eight hours: _Wrongful Imprisonment_.
_To whom it may concern,_
_I am a former police officer seeking justice after I was arrested five years ago for embezzling money from the LAPD._
_A few weeks after I finished temporary desk duty, Internal Affairs interrogated me about an offshore account in my name.
The account had $75,000, the same total of money that had gone missing from various accounts within the LAPD over one of the weeks I worked administrative duty._
_I did not have an offshore account.
When I told them this, they showed me records of the exact times I had logged in on my computer to illegally withdraw funds from LAPD accounts I couldnt possibly have access to.
Somehow, I was at my desk at all of these times._
_I was convicted and spent four years in prison with men I had put there.
In addition, I had to pay over $100,000 in fines and legal fees.
My wife has left me.
My children wont speak to me.
The LAPD is withholding my pension.
With a felony on my record, I am unable to get a job._
_The person who framed me has destroyed my life.
I hired two private investigators to find the person responsible.
Because they could not access the LAPDs network, they do not know for sure; however, they and I have narrowed down the suspects to a small list of enemies I might have made while on the force.
The timing of my arrest suggests someone connected to Michael Bishop._
_Though I do not have a target solidified, I have heard that your team is the best.
I am confident that you will be able to find the one who framed me, destroy him, and clear my name._
_I have little in liquid funds but have been approved to refinance my home to pay for your services._
_I look forward to hearing from you._
_Ted Monroe_
If two PIs cant solve this, how the hell does he expect me to?
How does he expect _anyone_ to?
Maybe this inquiry isnt the bomb I thought it was.
Monroe is out of connections and resources.
If I dont help him get revenge, he may try to hire someone else, but theyll fail.
I have to trust that they will.
_Mr.
Monroe,_
_Thank you for reaching out.
At this time, we are not currently taking on new cases.
I apologize for the inconvenience._
_Justice always,_
_Samson_
I lock my documents and tablet in my file cabinet before I flick off the kitchen lights.
I set Linuss phone back on the nightstand and slip into bed beside him.
Whered you go? he murmurs as he rolls me to his chest.
I rest my head in the relaxed muscle just below his shoulder.
Had to get some work done before the morning.
He nuzzles against me and the pillow.
Do you want me to leave?
If you leave, how am I going to wake up with you inside me?
He laughs, then presses his lips against my hair.
Can I take you to breakfast after?
I shake my head against him.
Maybe you could pick something up while I get ready.
I have an early day tomorrow.
Perfect.
I close my eyes and breathe in Linus.
Not Michael.
Which is fine.
Im allowed.
Nothing to worry about.
At all.
Im going to sleep the sound sleep of a person who did _not_ fuck up five years ago.
* Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 # 6
### Michael
**Seven Years Ago**
Ms.
Collins, if you could approach for cross
The girl in the second row stands at our professors moderation.
Her heels thump-clack on the thin carpet.
My gaze starts at her shoes, then trails up her pencil skirt and over her oxford, tucked in at her narrow waist.
Did she actually dress up for debate class?
My eyes linger a moment too long on the buttons open at her chest.
Her cleavage is hollow, her breasts small, which is why she can get away with her shirt dipping low and still look professional.
Her back to the class, she winks when she catches me eying her.
A tremor shivers under the skin of my fingers.
I pull in a slow breath and clutch the podium.
Theres nothing to be nervous about.
This is a gen-ed class.
These kids are here to get their communication credits and move on.
But this is what I do.
This is what I work my ass off for.
This girl probably just did a Google search of death penalty pros and cons, but Ive been studying political science for almost three years.
I knew whichever side my professor assigned mekill em swiftly or let em rotId persuade the class.
My opening speech in support of the death penalty was solid, and Im versed enough in the subject that theres nothing anyone here can throw at me that I cant handle.
Especially not mediocre cleavage.
Shes standing beside me, facing the class, so I cant keep unbuttoning her shirt in my mind.
Mr.
Bishop, she starts, to clarify from your speech, the majority of inmates on death row are murder convicts, correct?
Yes, thats correct.
She steps toward the class with her hands clasped behind her back.
Murder is a tricky crime to convict someone of, dont you think?
Sure, we can know beyond a reasonable doubt who committed the crime.
But can we really ever know what goes on inside the head of a killer?
Thats where everything gets slippery, doesnt it?
_Motivation_.
Her jaw cuts over her shoulder to look back at me, but she leans her hands on the table in front of her, the table with no students sitting at it.
You, of course, understand the line between first- and second-degree murder in California is the defendants intention, determined by the prosecutoris he a cold-hearted killer, or did he just snap?
Right.
Murder One, an offense punishable up to death, and Murder Two, an offense punishable up to life. She lets out a sigh and pivots to look at me head-on.
Mr.
Bishop, have any of your loved ones been convicted of murder?
_What?_ No.
She walks my way with that same confident sway of her hips as she continues.
Six years ago, twelve people who had never spoken to my father convicted him of Murder Two instead of justifiable homicide.
I mean, she opens her hands in front of her, then folds them at her waist, there was no doubt he killed my mother.
I watched him do it.
_Holy fuck._
But what good father wouldnt attack the person who was raping his daughter with a hairbrush?
Is it his fault his momentary rage gave him more strength than he realized?
Is it his fault her skull cracked against the toilet when he threw her out of reach of his little girl?
Its quiet for easily five seconds before I realize shes waiting for me to answer her question.
II wasnt there.
Im not sure.
The jury was sure.
And speaking of intentions, could any of those jury members have been swayed by the fact that he was a six-foot-two, two-hundred- pound black man, and his victim was a petite white woman?
All the moisture in my throat disappears.
Perhaps.
Theres no time for me to respond before she continues.
Think about it.
Has there ever been a time in history when we could trust that we knew the motivation of a killer or the motivations of those killing him?
And even if we did, who is to say those motivations are justified?
Our culture?
Our politicians?
Our law enforcement?
Have we forgotten the Holocaust, or the lynchings of African Americans not one-hundred years ago?
What about those in Darfur who are slain _today_ because their president legalized their slaughter?
Really, how could it ever be just for a civilized government to _order_ a person to take the life of another?
Her eyes, dark as coal, burn into mine.
I have no response.
How the hell do I have no response?
Were all human, she adds softly.
None of us can ever be sure if we have enough justice on our side to kill one of our own. She nods to Professor Brown.
No further questions.
My head dips low between my locked elbows.
What the fuck just happened?
You can take your seat now, Mr. Bishop.
I glower up at him.
Hes smirking.
Ass.
Its safe to say my team lost the debate.
Ms. Collinss little stuntand it was a stuntchanged the opinions of four of our classmates, which sounds like a mild victory, but its not.
Its monumental.
She transformed four peoples convictions.
And I didnt change one.
If this had been a courtroom, she would have owned the jury.
I find her eating lunch on the lawn an hour later, an hour that I used to research the validity of her story.
Shes dressed down now, in a UCLA hoodie and jeans that flaunt the curve of her hips.
Towering over her, I ask, Senior poli-sci major?
Her eyes scroll up to mine, the bite of apple shes chewing tucked in her cheek.
Her slim neck rolls as she swallows her food.
Freshman, English.
I pinch my eyes, then murmur, Fuck me.
No, thank you.
That was a dick move.
What was?
You made up that story about your dad.
I did?
There is no prisoner in California convicted for second-degree murder with the last name Collins.
She shrugs and takes another bite of her apple.
You cheated.
How?
And your argument wasnt even solid.
Her face lights up with a smile that raises her eyebrows.
I know.
I played you _so_ _hard_.
You didnt play me.
You lied!
Not that its any of your business, but Collins isnt my fathers last name.
What _is_ his last name?
Let me get this straight.
I just publicly relived one of the darkest moments of my life, all to entreat my peers to contemplate an issue I hold deep convictions about, and you are not only fact-checking me, but calling me a liar?
I drop to sit on the grass in front of her so were eye-to-eye, but shes still sitting higher than me because of the slope.
Feels appropriate.
I think I owe you an apology.
Just one?
I smile and offer my hand.
Michael Bishop.
Pedantic asshole slash aspiring law student.
She draws a reluctant breath and slips her hand in mine.
Dillon Collins.
Aspiring to graduate and get a job.
Im sorry, I whisper.
No kid should have to go through that.
Her hand retreats, and her eyes return to the lunch in her lap.
Its one of those moments where I know exactly what I _should_ do, but I figure todays already a loss so I might as well do the opposite.
Youre in the wrong major.
Wow, youre on a roll.
I list on my fingers, Youre a brilliant debater, you have a personal investment in the justice system, youre fucking intimidating, youre eloquent
Her eyes are snarky when they slash to mine.
Youre shocked that Im so articulate?
I bite by bottom lip, but a snicker sneaks through.
Not at all. She watches me as she continues to eat.
English is fine.
Its great.
But you should look into law school.
Maybe take some philosophy or government classes, study for the LSAT next year.
II could help you if you want.
She tilts her head and studies me a moment.
The scrutiny of her gaze is unnerving.
Ill think about it, Michael Bishop. She tips her chin up, motioning for me to stand.
I do, and, when I sling my bookbag over my shoulder, she adds, See you in debate.
I nod.
Maybe Ill win next time.
Her right cheek tightens with a crooked smile.
Unlikely.
* Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 # 7
### Cal
Estlyn is dead asleep, flat on her stomach next to me.
Her lips are puckered open, and theres a circle of drool on her pillow.
The sheets are only halfway up her back, the dawn light casting a soft shadow in the valley of her spine.
She looks exactly the same as she did yesterday, which is why its so hard to leave.
But she did say _meaningless_ and _no strings attached_.
Waking up next to her felt meaningful, so I stepped out before any strings could be attached.
Like yesterday, I tug the covers up to her shoulders, careful not to wake her before I climb out of bed.
I dress in the bathroom and gargle with some mouthwash I find under the sink.
Her mouth is closed and her face out of her spit puddle when I return.
I lean over her nightstand to leave a note on the legal padwhich apparently lawyers, like writers, have scattered all over their homes.
On it, I jot down another E. E. Cummings quote:
_(lady i will_
_touch you with my mind.
)Touch_
_you,that is all,_
_lightly and you utterly will become_
_with infinite care_
_the poem which i do not write._
_Be back with breakfast soon._
_Linus_
If youre coming back, you need the key, she mumbles, her eyes still closed.
If not, she raises her middle finger high in the air, then drops it into the pillow beside her.
Laughing, I brush the hair away from her face.
I was going to pick up breakfast.
Anything you want?
Rolling over onto her back, she stretches her arms above her head.
Something with bacon and eggs, she says on a sigh.
Theres a caf on the bottom floor and cash in my wallet.
You paid for dinner last night.
I got breakfast.
She shakes her head.
Gino paid.
I just left a tip.
Gino?
The owner.
Hes a friend. She looks me up and down.
Hey, you promised to fuck me.
You were up till four.
I didnt want to wake you.
Oh, speaking of whichshe rolls over and grabs her phonea friend of mine is an agent at WME.
I texted her last night about taking a look at your work, if thats okay.
Holy shit.
William Morris Endeavor is one of the biggest talent agencies in Hollywood.
Who the hell is this girl?
She skims her texts and adds, Whatever agent you have now, you should fire.
I dont handle writers contracts, but from what I can tell, yours was dogshit. She pauses as she reads the screen.
She says she will.
Wow, thatd be amazing.
Thank you. I dont have an agent.
I didnt need one since my dad got me the job on his show right out of college.
I dont tell her that, though, because itll make me sound like one of those spoiled Hollywood brats who cant get work without Daddy making a call.
I dont tell her because then shell figure out my dad was the one my girlfriend left me for.
I dont tell her that he fired me because he said that Erin was a better actress than I was a writer and he didnt trust me to write her part.
And _of course_ he had me sign a dogshit contract.
Do you mind sending me some samples of your work and some kind of cover letter for me to pass on to her?
Of course, Ill do that this morning.
Estlyn, thank you.
Seriously.
I mean, I love Elliot, but I cant live _and_ work with him.
Hes driving me insane.
Ive just stopped responding when he talks to me, because he never stops.
She exhales a breathy laugh.
Well, I like having you around, she shrugs, if you ever need to crash here.
Ha!
_Meaningless sex_ my ass.
She likes me back.
When I reply with a silent smirk, her forehead wrinkles with regret.
That sounded too relationship-y, didnt it?
Lets rewind.
Did I say I liked having _you_ around?
I meant I liked having _your dick_ around.
I laugh.
Thank God.
For a second I thought you wanted me for more than just my body.
No!
Thatd be so inappropriate. Her smile is soft and sheepish, not confident and intimidating like usual.
I lean in to kiss her, then make up for not being inside her when she woke up.
* Chapter 8 Chapter 8{{{1 # 8
### Estlyn
I use a Google number when I call targets.
Now, this means they dont usually pick up the first call.
Once in a solar eclipse do they listen to a voicemail I leave.
But everyone checks their texts.
_Mr.
Calloway, Im Zoe Whitaker, an attorney from After Twelve.
I understand Mia Sanchez is suing you for wrongful termination.
If you want her to drop the suit, call me at this number._
I send the text when Linus is out grabbing breakfast, then hop in the shower with my cells ringer on.
Shampoo is running over my eyelids when it rings.
I finish rinsing as fast as I can and lean out of the shower to answer.
After Twelve.
Its positive!
Oh.
Rory.
Oh my God!
Congrats!
Tell Liv My phone beeps.
Hey, Im getting another call. I swipe over to the restricted number.
After Twelve.
Miss Whitaker? Someones desperate.
And why did he block his number?
I just texted him.
I reach back into the shower and tighten the faucet until the water turns off.
This is she.
This is Ron.
You texted me about Mia Sanchez.
I did.
I wanted to discuss alternative ways to settle your dispute over her termination from _When We Fall_.
A mediation?
Not exactly.
She is happy to drop the lawsuit if you agree to a few terms.
He groans.
Terms?
I prefer the half-assed lawsuit.
Which is why you called me back within ten minutes of my reaching out. Theres a long pause, but I know hes still there when his sigh statics the speaker.
You understand that she isnt suing your producer or network, shes suing _you_ , personally, for three million dollars.
She wont win.
Maybe not.
But those damn lawyers will cost you a nut and a half, wont they?
And from what Ive heard, your finances are rather precarious.
Your ex-wives take over sixty-five percent of your paycheck in alimony.
Then, of course, theres the house you recently refinanced to keep from going bankrupt, but now its underwater, isnt it?
And you were late on your last mortgage payment.
But sure, what are a three-million-dollar settlement and some legal fees to an acclaimed Hollywood director such as yourself?
Now comes the moment when the scale tips.
He takes a breatha strangled inhale, then an acquiescing exhale.
What will it take to drop the suit?
She has two terms.
One, fire Taylor East.
He scoffs, but I press on.
Two, make a public apology to Mia Sanchez and, in fact, all the women in the industry for tolerating Easts behavior.
I recommend using the Times Up hashtag if you use Twitter.
I cant fire my lead actor in the middle of shooting a season.
Not even for producing and distributing child pornography?
He was acquitted.
So was O.J.
Look, the producers of _House of Cards_ had no problem firing Kevin Spacey when he admitted to sexual misconduct.
Ridley Scott even reshot _All the Money in the World_ to cut Spacey out.
Im afraid you have no excuses, Mr. Calloway.
You dont understand what that would cost the show.
Youre not thinking about the writers, the cast, the crew.
This move wont be easy to justify to my producers.
Ill lose my job.
I disagree.
Youre doing the right thing.
Youll be hailed as a hero of feminism, of the movement for protecting women in the industry.
Alternatively, you could go broke fighting to protect a kiddie-porn producer.
My apartment door opens.
Linus is already back.
I lower my voice.
You have twenty-four hours to comply to these terms.
After that, Im afraid, the consequences will only intensify.
Are you threat
I hang up, then turn the shower back on.
Had to take a call, I shout over the sound of the water.
Be out in a sec.
No worries!
After I get out of the shower a few minutes later, I slap on a bra and panties.
My wet curls hang around my shoulders as I hug Linus from behind in the kitchen.
I press my cheek into his white, V-neck tee.
The scent of him softens me until my eyes involuntarily close and my hands trail up to his chest.
Good.
I need to like him.
Or at least appear to.
Thanks for breakfast. I squeeze him tighter, then let go.
Wanna eat on the balcony?
Theres only one chair.
I slip on his button-up shirt as I head toward the sliding-glass door.
Ive sat on your lap before, Linus.
I curl against his chest in the chair as I piece apart the sandwich he got me.
Its still overcast, like it is most mornings on the beach, and just cool enough to justify snuggling against him.
I swallow a piece of bacon and say, Rory knocked up his wife.
Hey!
Thats great! He sips his coffee.
Do you already have nieces or nephews?
No.
Hes my only sibling, and this is their first.
He nods, his expression full of questions I havent answered.
Im aware we dont look related.
His chest deflates with a nervous laugh.
Are you guys half-siblings or
Adopted.
Which one of you?
Sorry, is that too personal?
I shake my head.
Were not even near personal.
We both got placed in the same foster home.
It was emergency care, so they were supposed to keep us for a week, tops.
But, you know how the foster system is.
I dont, actually. Right.
Beverly Hills born and bred.
Well, a week turned into a month, and a month into six.
By that point, we werent really an emergency placement anymore, so they would have had to uproot us again, which agencies dont like to do.
Besides, they were having a tough time finding me a home since foster parents get to choose the race and age of the kids they take.
I was already twelve, and I think people were afraid that I was going to be violent. Please.
Even then, I was too smart to hurt anyone physically.
Not to mention, Rory was an Orange County kid, and theyre hard to place because the standards are so damn high for the homes.
The kids get more of a say than in the other counties, and Rory pitched a fit anytime his social worker talked about taking him away from me.
So, the Collinses were stuck with their emergency placements.
They ended up adopting both of us when I was sixteen.
I havent looked up since I started my explanation, but I feel him staring down at me.
How old were you when you went into foster care?
Eleven.
Where are your parents now?
Ooh Now weve hit personal.
I shake my head and then rest it on his shoulder.
In hell.
!
[](images/image-11780417_518521098300261_1225406768_n.jpg)
Linus left me a few minutes ago with a kiss on my cheek but no phone number.
I like it.
He has my work email and my apartment address.
I know where he works.
Ill have his email and old home address once he sends me his writing samples.
Oh, and I have all his emergency contacts.
I find a well-worn contact in my phone and tap it.
After a few rings, Dean answers.
Its before nine.
This better be worth it.
You know, people with real jobs wake up before nine on Thursdays.
His sleepy voice perks up.
Why are you acting so happy?
Im not happy.
Icy sludge pumps through my veins like always.
Bitch, dont lie to me.
Once again, its not okay for you to call me a bitch.
Holy God, you met a boy.
A _boy_?
What are we, still in college, drinking light beer from cans like impoverished Valley girls?
Ooh there is a boy.
Praise the Lord, the drought is over!
I have a story for you.
Yes!
Tell me everything.
Whats his name?
Howd you meet?
Did you sleep with him?
You did, didnt you?
Sweet Jesus, someone needed to clear the cobwebs out down there.
Five years is too
Its not a story about him.
So there _is_ a boy!
Its about Ron Calloway, the director.
Really?
I wouldnt think he was your type.
Youre not usually into old
The story, Dean.
The story is about Calloway.
Im not seeing him.
He huffs in melodramatic disappointment.
Yeah, yeah.
Story.
What is it?
Okay, are you aware Calloway hired Erin Kennedy to act in the third season of _When We Fall_?
Erin who?
Yeah, exactly.
Calloway knew that Kennedy was struggling to break into the industry for six years and offered her the part in exchange for sex.
Thats not a story.
Thats a Tuesday in Hollywood.
I know its not all that sordid in and of itself, but if you can get her on record saying that he coerced or
Threatened to make or break her career based on her response to his advances, then we have a lead.
Right.
I have her number, and I can round up a list of other young actresses whose careers hes made if you need comparable stories.
Ill let you know.
And remember, he just fired Mia Sanchez for the scandal she had with Taylor East even though he was the perv in the situation.
I have her contact info, too, if you need it.
But you _have_ to reach out to Erin this morning and let me know what she says.
 _Morning_?
Yes, Dean.
Its that time of day adults get out of bed and start working.
Fine, he whines.
If the lead pans out, I need you to write the story, but you cant show it to your editor.
How long will I have to wait?
Until Calloways twenty-four hours are up.
* Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 # 9
### Cal
So, dinner went well? Elliot crosses his arms and leans his hips back against the bar.
My jaw is starting to cramp from forcing myself not to respond, but I have no interest in talking to him about Estlyn.
He formed an opinion about Erin after their first meeting and never wavered from it.
And it wasnt a good onewhich he never failed to remind me of when I caught her cheating on me with my furry-assed dad.
For now, Im enjoying the luxury of not having a relationship for him to comment on.
She seems a little out of your league.
_Thanks, man._
Intimidating.
I mean, its hot as fuck, dont get me wrong, but what the hell is she doing with you?
Hes goading me.
Im not going to fall for it.
What does she do for a living?
I step away from him to wipe the counter before the rush-hour crowd makes it sticky again.
Whats the sex like?
Is she
God, I groan, shut up.
Shit, he whispers and pushes me into the back.
The she-devil is here.
What? I turn around to see Erin, teary-eyed with half her makeup wiped away, her skin pink and blotchy.
She always hated this place.
What is she doing here?
Want me to
I put my hand on his shoulder and say, I got it, as I make my way to her.
She wipes her eyes with her thumbs when she sees me.
I press my hands on the counter and barely glance at her.
Her blonde hair is up in a messy bun.
Shes not all pretty and perfect like she usually is.
Good.
Itd be even better if she could see who I woke up with this morning.
My stomach twists, and it feels like my sternum cracks when her blue eyes meet mine.
Im still not past the _Im so disgusted by you that I want to throw up when I see your face_ stage.
Im also lingering in the _I miss you every minute, how could you have betrayed me?_ phase.
Erin was my first real girlfriend, not counting the handful of girls I got to second base with in high school.
( _Remember second base?_ ) That one-night stand with Estlyn was wholly outside my character which is probably why it is no longer a one-night stand.
I avert my eyes from hers when I ask, What can I get for you?
Cal, she sighs.
I hate how she says my name, like Im something to deal with, like every word I say will be the wrong one.
If youre not going to drink, give the seat to someone who will.
She glares at me.
Shot of tequila.
I slam the glass on the table, fill it, then pass it to her.
She throws it back, then rests it on the bar.
I think I fucked up, Cal.
You catch on fast.
She shakes her head with a soft, defeated laugh.
God, just listen for once.
I heard everything.
You and my dad fuck very loudly.
Why do you think, Cal?
Because youre a manipulative, selfish, would-eat-her-own-young bit
Oh, cut the adjectives.
Youre a better writer than that.
Thats nine dollars, I say as I turn to help someone else.
She can pay Elliot.
Or not pay at all.
I dont care as long as she gets the fuck out of here.
Theres a story thats going to break tomorrow about your dad and me.
TMZ has it for now, but others will get it.
Another Fat Tire? I ask the guy next to her.
The customer nods, so I get to workwork being opening a bottle of Fat Tire.
Because she never knows when to shut up, Erin keeps talking, Read it.
Please.
Im not asking for a second chance
I hand the guy his beer, then cut my eyes to Erin.
Good, because Im fresh out of those.
But maybe youll understand why I did it.
I roll my eyes, then move down the bar.
A few minutes pass before I return Erins direction.
All thats left in her place are two five-dollar bills and her empty shot glass.
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 # 10
### Estlyn
I have a Google alert set for _Taylor East_ , _Ron Calloway_ , and _Mia Sanchez_.
The only pings I get are a picture of East shirtless on the beach with some fifteen-year-old, bikini-clad singer.
I look forward to that sex tape coming out.
Not like that.
God.
I just mean the DA is more likely to get a conviction the second time around.
Its been just over twenty-four hours, and the word _fired_ has yet to come up next to Easts name.
I text Calloway.
_Im disappointed we could not work together to give Ms. Sanchez the justice she deserves.
Enjoy the TMZ headline with your name in it._
I pick up the phone to call Dean.
He texted me after his interview with Erin Kennedy yesterday.
It went just as I had hoped.
Whether or not Ron abused his position of power to fuck Erin, Dean had given her the opportunity to tell a sob story, and Erin liked that narrative better than the one that wouldve followed the headline, _Cheating Girlfriend Bangs Her Way to Fleeting Fame._ Besides, no one would read that.
After four rings, Dean answers.
Bitch, its not even eight.
Be a millennial.
Text!
I need you to run the Calloway story.
Okay, let me text my editor _like a normal person_.
Hang on. He must be tapping on his phone because he doesnt talk for a few seconds.
You owe me.
You called me bitch.
Again.
Were even.
No, I meant you owe me details about this boy.
Ugh.
Im going out to State today, I huff, but meet me for drinks tonight.
Yay!
Dont get shanked.
How would I ever get shanked?
If you make it back alive
I will.
Theres a club downtown I want to take you to.
No.
Were going to this bar in Culver City.
Why? he whines.
You never go along with any of my suggestions.
Because one, Im more likely to get shanked at whatever club you take me to than at prison today, and two, _the boy_ will be at this bar.
Ooh!
Post the story, Dean.
Love you, bitch.
Love you more, dumbass. I grab my messenger bag and flip my car keys around my finger a minute before forcing myself to stand from the couch.
I make this drive all the time.
Theres nothing to be afraid of.
Lightning cant strike the same place twice, right?
Except that Im pretty sure that happens all the time.
* Chapter 11 Chapter 11{{{1 # 11
### Linus
Elliot slaps his phone on the bathroom counter.
She-devil is a trending topic.
I spit my toothpaste in the sink and glance at the screen.
In bold, black type are the words, _Ron Calloway Accused of Sexual Misconduct_.
Beneath the headline is a grainy picture of him getting coffee alone.
Hes unkempt and scruffy in itthe shitty slob of a dad I remember.
I rinse the remaining minty foam from my mouth, then pick it up to read.
_Amid When We Falls recent child pornography scandal come new allegations of sexual misconduct.
Thursday, Erin Kennedy (24) came forward with accusations that director Ron Calloway (61) made sexual advances toward the actress during her audition for his hit Netflix series._
_Ron asked the casting director to leave when I walked in, Erin told TMZ.
He handed me a script for a different scene than the one I had rehearsed.
I skimmed the page and realized it was a sex scene Ron put my hand on his c**k and told me to read the first line._
The story is interrupted by Erins headshot, the pretty and perfect face I knewa stark contrast to the one I saw yesterday.
_I know now I could have said no. But at the time, it all happened so fast that I didnt even think about the option of not doing what he told me._
_Kennedy went on to say she felt too ashamed and disgusted with herself to tell anyone.
Then I got the part.
I was so desperate for work, for money to cover rent, that I didnt consider turning it down.
After what happened next, I wish to God I would have._
_She reported that Calloway hounded Kennedy for sex incessantly, reminding her of her expendability._
_This allegation is the most recent to rock the series When We Fall, coming just on the heels of star Taylor Easts trial for production and distribution of child pornography after he released a sex tape of himself and underage costar Mia Sanchez, whom Calloway is rumored to have fired after the scandal broke._
_He has a habit of treating his actresses as dispensable, an anonymous When We Fall cast member commented.
It was as if he was punishing Sanchez for whistle-blowing instead of holding East accountable.
It sent a real message, you know?
Let them f**k you or find a job somewhere else._
_Kennedy shared this actors fear for their job security.
I know that I likely wont have my role when this hits the web tomorrow, Kennedy added, but no job is worth this._
_TMZ reached out to Calloway for comment.
He declined._
Theres a pang in my ribsguilt stabbing the inside of my chestas the last couple of months come into focus.
Erins distance.
Her insecurity.
Her drinking more than she ate.
But it was hard to think clearly about any of that when I couldnt get the image of my dad on top of her out of my head.
The betrayal hadnt cut the deepest.
It was the realization that the woman sleeping next to me wasnt the person I thought Id known.
In the five years we dated, I never saw Erin flirting with my dad or anyone else.
I wasnt a jealous boyfriend, or maybe I was just blind, so I never worried about her screwing around.
But I did see Dads endless parade of too- young-for-him actresses leaving his house when I lived there.
A handful of those faces are familiar to more than just us now.
If they havent been on his show, theyve been on others.
How many of them are going to come forward now?
How many will it take to ruin him?
Its noon.
I have about an hour before I have to be at the Dive to open.
I slide my wallet in my back pocket and grab my keys.
My hand is on the doorknob when Elliot speaks up.
Load of bullshit, right?
I hand him his phone back.
I dont know.
Well, whatever.
It doesnt matter if its the truth.
She didnt have to keep fucking him.
After that first time, she could have said no.
I exhale to relieve the shame in my chest, but it doesnt help.
Maybe.
Youre not going to go see her, are you? When I ignore him to slip on my shoes, he raises his voice.
Cal, she sought out that reporter.
She volunteered the information.
If she wanted to work things out with you, she would have gone to you, not _TMZ_.
Im not going because I expect an explanation.
I dont want to work things out with her.
I dont need to find out the truth or exchange forgiveness.
Im going because shes likely scared shitless right now, and I dont know who else she has.
I dont offer Elliot a second glance before I duck out the door.
* Chapter 12 Chapter 12{{{1 # 12
### Estlyn
Lancaster is the worst city in California.
Its ugly and brown and the main attraction is the state prison.
Also, its twenty-five degrees hotter here than at my place.
But I make the hour-and-a-half drive out here twice a month to see my favorite client.
Im such a familiar face here now that the correctional officers are almost kind when they wand and search me.
Probably because my client is a model prisoner.
Probably because he doesnt belong here.
As usual, the officer leads me down the long hall until we reach the visitors area, a bare, fluorescent-lit room with just one window to let in the sun.
It always smells in here, smells like harsh cleaners and stale air and menthats the most overwhelming odor.
I get a glimpse of my client through the windows set in the walls.
Hes already seated at a table in his prison-issued orange.
Even seated, his broad shoulders boast how massive he is.
A few grey hairs are swirling in the black now.
Hes starting to grow old in here.
He stands when he sees me, his eyes bright and gentle.
His arms reach out, and the guards pretend they dont see when I drown in his embrace.
He kisses the top of my head before he releases me.
I look up into the eyes that match mine.
How you doin, baby girl?
Im doing good. Always _doing good_.
For all he needs to know, Ive been _doing good_ for the last fourteen years.
Because he cant stand being stuck in here, helpless, if Im doing otherwise.
I know the guilt he shoulders is overwhelming.
Three missed graduations.
One daughter legally orphaned.
Two strangers adopting her as their own.
My last name isnt his anymore.
It kills him, but he understands.
He knows Im not ashamed of him, only afraid for him.
He still worries about me constantly, still thinks of me as the little girl who was abused, still bears remorse for not being there to stop it.
I immediately regretted telling him what Brock did to me.
Theres nothing more unravelling than watching a bulky inmate weeping thunderstorm-size tears.
So, I dont tell him things anymore.
How are you?
He shrugs.
Doing fine.
I open my bag and pull out three novels for him.
I thought you might like this series.
The guy at the bookstore told me it is up-market if not literary fiction. My dad was a high school English teacher in his past life.
I love listening to him tear apart _literature these days_.
Though, it makes it hard to find books that can wow him.
Oh, and they dont have it in your library yet, so just donate them when youre done if you dont want them.
Thank you.
Also I pull my dads file.
I _finally_ found a judge who is going to try to get you early parole even after
Dil He puts his hand on mine.
Hayes, a correction officer warns.
Dad lifts his hand.
We talked about this.
Youre not working my case.
Oh, did I mention my favorite client is the most fucking difficult one in the world?
I know we talked, I continue as I sift through the papers in front of me, but kids never listen to their parents.
Please.
This isnt your problem to solve.
After last time
The judge is Christina Reyes.
Shes progressive and ruthless and older than God himself, so we need to take advantage of her offer before she retires or, more likely, dies.
Sweetheart. His tone is gruff and commanding, the way it gets when hes about to put his foot down.
No.
Ill call my lawyer.
He will handle it.
My eyes sting as they raise to his.
No.
Hell fuck it up.
We have one shot at this, and Im the one who is going to take it.
This burden is never something Im going to allow you to bear, so stop picking it up.
The tear slides down my cheek until it drops from my jaw.
Are you kidding me?
Do you know how hard it was for me to get this meeting with Reyes?
Im sorry, but you know
No, I dont know, Dad.
I dont know what the hell your problem is with me trying to get you out.
You bitch all the time about missing my life, but you wont let me do anything to make you a part of it. I jab my finger at him.
You _owe_ me this.
You owe me a chance to have a dad.
Hes calm as he watches me cool off from my tantrum.
Are you finished?
I roll my eyes and nod.
Im trying to be your dad.
Dads dont ask their daughters to sacrifice for them.
Its supposed to be the other way around.
You went through it twice; Im not doing this to you again. His eyes dart back and forth between the dark circles under mine.
Youre tired, baby girl.
Im never tired.
Well, stop smoking so much crack.
I breathe a laugh.
Its just a shit-ton of Adderall.
Dont worry.
He smiles but stiffens his resolve.
Give the case to my lawyer.
If I find out that you were involved beyond that, I wont let him meet with Reyes.
Understood?
I sigh.
I dont understand, but sure.
Put all that stuff away.
I want to talk about your non-work life.
What non-work life?
His lips curve in a half-smirk.
Are you spending time with any men who are not gay and not Rory?
I squint at him.
Have you met any women lately who arent COs and not your daughter?
I already did the marriage thing.
I respond with a caustic, And the end result makes me want to sprint down the aisle.
Sweetheart, its been five years.
I dig through my bag again.
And I have up to ten according to this pamphlet I had Dean print out for you. I slap the fabricated psychological information on the table in front of him.
He laughs as he reads, Estlyn is an accomplished lawyer and doesnt need a husband to have a fulfilling life.
Also, her eggs will be good for at least fifteen more years.
That being said, if you have further concern, I have volunteered several times to fertilize said eggs because I think wed have a beautiful ethnic swirl of a gayby. He looks at me.
I never said anything about your eggs.
I rub my chin.
Yeah, Deans biological clock is ticking.
But the point is, I have some perfectly good sperm up for grabs, so you dont need to worry about me meeting a guy.
Sperm isnt going to look after you or marry you.
Thats an interesting challenge.
Dillon
Why do you think I need someone to take care of me?
He leans in and lowers his voice.
How are your nightmares?
I dont have them anymore.
Dont you lie to me, sweetie.
My eyes sink to my fingers fidgeting on the table.
Why arent you sleeping?
I never sleep.
Yeah, but youre sleeping less.
How does he always know everything?
Hes not even around!
I cant look at him when I whisper, Hes coming after me.
Hes out?
I nod.
Shit. He runs his hands down his face.
He knows it was you?
I shake my head.
Not yet.
Okay.
Its not that bad.
Youre a smart girl.
Hes not going to find you.
But _this_ , his finger stabs the table, is why you need someone
Who, Dad? I snap.
Who am I supposed to have?
Or tell?
God, I rub my temples, I shouldnt even have told you.
You worry about everything.
Sweetie, please dont worry about me.
What about Michaels family?
What if he goes after them?
And if Im exposed, then Ror is, too.
Dad, hes having a kid.
Dil, theyre not going to get hurt.
I bury my face in my hands.
The one time I was sloppy, I dragged him into it.
You werent sloppy.
You were devastated.
And indignant.
And involved.
That was the problem.
You cant see clearly when theres still blood in your eyes.
Just he breathes, try not to be alone, alright?
Stay at a friends or even Rorys when you can.
Dont drive yourself anywhere.
Call a car.
You know I hardly drive anymore.
Good.
My lawyer will get me out of here, alright?
You just take care of yourself until I can.
I wipe a racing tear from my cheek.
Just hurry, okay?
* Chapter 13 Chapter 13{{{1 # 13
### Michael
**Seven Years Ago**
On the board is the schedule for the winter quarter.
As you can see, our next tournament is in only two weeks
I turn my attention from our debate club president to the door at the back of the classroom.
It clicks shut before Dillon sneaks into an available seat.
Shes hiding in her thick, wavy hair and fitted leather jacket, apparently unsure if she should be here.
I smile and nod her way, but it only makes her slouch and twist her fingers on the table.
Is she actually wanting for confidence?
Did something happen to her between the end of fall quarter and now?
I didnt know she could operate at a level lower than hubris.
I move from my chair at the front and hunch over on my way to the empty seat beside Dillon.
I lean to her ear and whisper, Debate team?
She turns so our faces our inches apart.
I figured itd be easy since you would fact-check everything for me.
My eyes trail to her bottom lip, pink and full and coated with the slightest sheen.
I am _not_ imagining sucking it.
My eyes snap back to hers.
Are you still an English major?
She nods.
Are you still a pedantic asshole?
I pinch my lips with my teeth to keep from laughing, then nod.
Can you, uhshe glances at the board, then back at meDo you have time to talk after this?
_Hell yes._ A little, yeah.
Thanks, she whispers before straightening up in her chair.
* * *
Its almost midnight when we grab coffee on campus.
She leads me to a semi- secluded table and plops her bag there.
Her dark eyes spark with intensity when she looks up at me.
You have an internship with a defense attorney, right?
How does she know that?
I do.
Why?
She sighs.
Okay, you remember my dad?
Of course.
Okay, well, about four months ago, the California Supreme Court granted him a retrial.
Wow!
Thats incredible.
That almost never happens.
She doesnt look excited.
Why isnt she excited?
Michael, his lawyer is shit.
This is his only shot, and shes going to fuck it up.
How do you know?
Shes a public defender because Dad wont let me pay for him to have a decent lawyer. Before I can refrain from asking how the hell an orphaned college student has enough money for a lawyer, she adds, So, she hasnt even met with him
And when she does it will be for fifteen minutes, if that.
She sighs.
Right.
The scary thing is that there isnt DNA or some lost witness that can exonerate him.
His actions arent on trial; his character is.
Is he the protective father who rescued his daughter, or is he a violent black man who lost it and smashed his wifes head against the toilet?
She nods, then whispers, What do I do?
God, Dillon.
I dont know. When her eyes sink to her coffee, my gut plummets with the weight of her hopelessness.
Shit, does she know I cant stand seeing her like this?
Is that why she came to me?
But I can see if my boss is available to meet with you or your dad.
Im not sure if your dad will accept that, but we can try.
Her eyes brighten, and I feel a little lighter.
Really?
Yeah. I cross my arms and shrug.
Of course.
Thanks.
I have the money.
I swear
No problem. I sip my coffee, then snicker.
Stalker.
She rolls her eyes.
Howd you get such a good internship?
Arent those hard to come by?
I try not to wince when I answer, My uncle is a partner.
She smirks, then bites the bottom lip Im still _not_ fantasizing sucking.
You knew that.
Bishop and Colburn Law Associates.
Figured you were related somehow.
Damn.
She reaches across the table, takes my phone, and texts herself my number.
Maybe you should adjust your privacy settings on Facebook. Her phone buzzes with her text as she returns my phone.
Maybe. When she stands to leave, I sputter, Will I see you at debate?
Nah, Ill have to deal with enough of that shit in court over the next couple years.
Makes sense.
Youre still not interested in law school?
She shakes her head.
Im sick of the law.
Then go to school so you can change it.
A smile plays on her lips.
I underestimated you.
Yeah?
You might actually be good at this whole persuasion thing.
Maybe try it on a girl sometime.
I _am_ trying.
Night, Mike. She waves as she turns away.
I shut my eyes and sigh.
Night.
* Chapter 14 Chapter 14{{{1 # 14
### Linus
Its a strange feeling knocking on the door I once lived behind.
There arent any paparazzi here, which isnt surprising.
Erin isnt famous.
My dad is.
They are probably swarming my dads front lawn, the lawn of the house he can no longer afford.
We love watching the great collapse, but wed rather not see what becomes of those in their wreckage.
Erin answers the door with her phone to her ear.
Seeing her is like getting hit with two trains speeding opposite directionsone hits me with guilt for being blind to her pain and pushes me to hold and comfort her forever, while the other slams into me with rage and jealousy.
Because at the end of the day, she chose to betray me for months.
That first encounter wasnt her fault.
What my dad did was shitty and misogynistic and an egregious exploitation of his power.
But all the others were her choosing her career over our relationship.
Not to mention the ick factor, irrespective of overgrown asshair.
Im not ready to understand that yet.
I gotta call you back, she says, then hangs up without waiting for a response.
What are you doing here?
_Uh_ What am I doing here again?
After the weirdest pause I could create, I ask, Are you okay?
She hugs herself and leans against the doorframe.
No.
Is it true?
What you said in the article?
I told you it would be.
I nod while I figure out what to say next.
Im sorry.
Erins sharp blue eyes slice up to me.
But
I groan into my hands.
God, why didnt you tell me?
I mean, I get that you were ashamed or whatever, but its _me_.
We could have gotten through this if you had just told me the truth.
You didnt have to let me move out.
You didnt have to shit on five years of our lives.
Her eyes close, and she takes a deep, slow breath.
Youre right.
Im _right_?
__ Really?
This is the first time Ive been right in five years.
Im not sure I like it.
Because Erin wont look at me.
Maybe shes waiting for more, waiting for me to yell again about how she hurt me, how she let me hurt her when I never intended to.
But Im not sure I have anything else to say.
And Im not sure if she has anyone else right now.
Can I, uh I take a measured step toward her.
Can I hug you?
Erin snickers.
Sure. I pull her to my chest and hold her as long as shell let me.
Its been only a month, but Ive already forgotten how perfectly she fits me.
The top of her head hits just below my chin.
I nuzzle my cheek against her hair to smell the sweet scent of her shampoo.
Shes slender enough for me to wrap my arms around her until my fingertips graze the opposite sides of her waist with ease.
She relaxes into me, and my chest aches.
I hate her and I miss her and I never want to see her again.
And I love her.
Thats what pisses me off most.
She gives me more time than I expected.
Half a minute passes before she lets go.
Did you lose your job? I ask.
I dont know yet. She sniffs and wipes under her eyes with the back of her fingers.
I wasnt due on set today, and Im not exactly speaking to Ron.
Im sure Im fired, though.
Let me know what happens, okay?
She nods.
I gotta go to work, but I squeeze her shoulder before I walk away, hang in there.
Im halfway to my car when she yells, Cal?
I spin around.
Yeah?
Are you still fresh out of She shakes her head.
You know what, Ill text you when I find out about work.
I might have one.
I dont know yet.
Her lips curve with the slightest hope.
Thanks.
I nod before climbing into the drivers seat.
* Chapter 15 Chapter 15{{{1 # 15
### Estlyn
My nerves kick up as the Uber turns onto Bentley.
This was a bad idea.
That article came out today about Linuss dad and ex-girlfriend.
And Im about to drop in on Linus at his place of work with the writer of that article in tow.
I turn to Dean.
Hey, so maybe dont mention what you do for a living tonight.
Why?
People love talking about my job.
_Im sure they do._ You know the _boy_?
The one were stalking at the bar?
I roll my eyes.
Well, that article you wrote about Ron Calloway I cringe and look out my window.
Yes
Im still watching the cars pass when I say, Linus is sort of related to him.
How related?
His son.
His what?
Linus is Rons son.
Jesus.
And Erin Kennedy is his ex.
Dean rubs his temples.
Youre taking your murder weapon back to the crime scene.
Honey, the police are there!
I know.
Its bad.
But I
Were going somewhere else. He grabs the back of the passenger seat and pulls himself forward.
Excuse me.
My friend has made a terrible error in judgment.
We can no longer go to our destination.
Would you be able to take us to
I put my hand on Deans arm.
Its fine.
Were fine, I call to the driver.
Just dont talk about your job, okay?
Can I still go by Dean, or should I come up with an alias like you?
I flip him off.
Youre buying drinks.
Dont pretend you ever do.
Why are we doing this?
Cant we just do your stupid game, then go back to your place, drink wine, and think up names for our gayby?
My dad doesnt approve.
Said your sperm doesnt equal a husband.
Well thats just offensive.
I agree.
When did you find out Ron and Linus were related?
Damn it!
I thought wed moved on from that.
I clear my throat.
My cases are confid
He lowers his voice to a whisper.
You fucked him for his contacts!
I didnt even have the case when I
You said you didnt want to sleep with anyone after Michael because no one would ever be _Michael_.
That he was the love of your life, and youd never date anyone again.
That your heart wasnt broken but crushed, the pieces scattered, never to be mended, blah, blah, blah.
I glare at him.
Your sensitivity is heartwarming.
Then you hook up with a guy for a _case_?
Its like I dont even know you!
He looks out his window but holds one finger out at me, wagging itnot his hand, just his fingerback and forth.
As I was saying, we hooked up the night before I got the case.
Then we hooked up again the night after I got it.
The second time was for the case?
I rest my head against my window to avoid his gaze.
What was the first time for?
What am I supposed to say?
_I was scared to sleep alone with Monroe out of prison, so I whored myself out to feel a little safer?_
Alright, Est, you got the information you needed.
You took down Ron Calloway.
We dont know that yet.
What the hell are we doing here?
The Uber stops at the curb.
Were getting a drink.
He pushes his face so far into my personal space that my eyes nearly cross trying to look at him.
No one has ever stared at me so intently.
Its creepy and awkward, and I hate it.
What are you doing?
Trying to decide if you are bonkers horny and making up for a five-year dry spell, or
Ahem, the driver clears his throat.
I open the door and step my stiletto heel onto the sidewalk, adjusting my backless silver dress as I stand.
Dean climbs out behind me.
He shuts the door, then brushes the front tuft of his dark hair with one finger, using the car window as a mirror.
The Uber drives away in the middle of his grooming.
Does my hair look okay?
Dean, it looks exactly the same all the time. He doesnt stop adjusting his shirt buttons, his collar, his pockets, everythingeven when were at the door.
Why are you so fidgety?
Im excited to meet the first guy to ever compete with Michael.
Asshole.
No one competes with Michael.
* Chapter 16 Chapter 16{{{1 # 16
**M ichael**
**Six Years Ago**
How old were you when your father first abused you?
God, I hate this prosecutor.
Its been a year since Uncle Will took over Dillons dads case.
Today is Dillons turn to testify for the prosecution.
Shes been sick for weeks over it.
My uncle stands.
Objection.
Lead
He never abused me, Dillon interrupts.
The prosecutor doesnt wait for the judge, but instead clicks the monitor remote, displaying a doctors note.
Do you remember this trip to the school nurses office on April 3, 2001? She reads, Dillon requested a sanitary napkin.
I asked if she was on her period, though she is too young to have one.
She was confused and asked again because she was worried that the blood would soak through her pants.
I asked why she was bleeding.
She refused to answer. The prosecutor clicks her heels against the wood floor on her way back to the stand.
Miss Collins, do you remember this?
My mom usually sent me to school with pads after she raped me, but she must have forgotten that time.
She forgot?
Or was she out of town?
I dont remember.
Your mom had a conference in Dallas from April second through the fifth.
How could she have raped you?
Isnt it possible that your father caused the injuries that brought you to the nurses office that day?
No.
You can bleed days after you are
The prosecutor talks over Dillon.
Is it possible that your dad was the one who raped you all that time?
No.
Is it possible that your mom was too intimidated by your father to report him and instead covered for him?
No, he would never
Is it true that when she threatened to report him, he bashed her head in against the toilet?
No!
The attorney swanks to her table and holds up an evidence bag containing a hairbrush.
Dillons childhood blood is still crusted on the bristles.
My stomach twists.
Thats her blood.
Thats the weapon her mom used to assault her as a child.
I never disbelieved her story.
Neither the prosecution nor the defense questions that someone abused Dillon with it, either.
But seeing it makes it real.
Because I cant see that scabbed hairbrush without seeing the child who endured it.
And now the prosecution is putting her on trial.
Then why are your fathers prints on your hairbrush?
Because he did my hair, bitch.
Oh, shit.
_Dont lose it, Dil._
The prosecutor swivels to the jury, smug and satisfied when she clicks a picture of the Hayes family on the screen.
This photograph was taken four months before your mothers murder.
Will stands and shouts, Objection!
_Murder._ See?
shes the worst.
Withdrawn.
You were ten in this photograph, correct?
Yes, Dillon answers.
And at this time, youre the same height as your mother.
About the same weight, same build, would you agree?
Yes.
Was this before or after your mom was diagnosed with lupus?
Im not sure.
This was about a month after your mother was diagnosed with a devastating illness, an illness that can affect every part of the bodyher brain, her heart, her lungs, her kidneys, her joints.
A month after she found out that her immune system had declared war against her body.
Dillon shrugs, waiting for a question.
You want us to believe that your mother, suffering from a crippling autoimmune disease, physically subdued and raped you when you were the same size as she and far healthier?
It wasnt _crippling_.
It was mild.
And if you think that children fight their abusive parents off once theyre physically an equal match, youre an idiot.
You dont think the Menendez brothers could have kept their mother from molesting them as teenagers?
Of course they could have.
Its not about strength.
Its about power.
Oh, boy.
_Rein it in._
Answer my question, Miss Collins.
Was your mother physically capable of raping you?
Yes, Dillon hisses, because she did.
But was your father stronger than she?
Yes.
So, physically, was he _more_ capable of raping you?
If you want to reduce him to his physicalitywhich, by the way, Americans have been doing to black men since they brought us over in the hulls of ships
_Oh, Dillon.
Your soapbox will still be there after court is dismissed._
then, yes, I suppose he was more capable.
If you want to treat him as an actual human with a soul and a conscience, then no, he was incapable of raping me because he isnt a rapist.
You were placed in foster care after your fathers arrest, right?
Dillon catches her breath before answering, Yes.
Did you want to go home, to live with your father?
Every day.
Did you know that it is common for children who are removed from their homes to crave their parents, even those who are abusive?
Sure.
Were you so desperate to be home that you lied to the court about the circumstances surrounding your mothers death?
She scoffs.
Of course not.
Did your father threaten to kill you like he killed your mother if you admitted that he was the one who raped you and murdered your mother?
No!
The prosecutor, calm as ever, nods and steps back toward the jury.
Was your father aware that your mother was abusing you?
Not until he saw it, no.
How do you know?
Because he would have stopped it.
Was this the first time your father used physical force against your mother?
Yes.
The prosecutor crosses her arms and cocks her head to the side.
Can you be sure?
Were you with them all the time, even before your birth?
Dillons eyes close as she draws an agitated breath.
No.
Was your father aware of your mothers health condition?
Of course.
Do you know the symptoms of lupus?
I know _her_ symptoms.
And what were they?
She was tired a lot.
And achy.
The prosecutor throws the next exhibit onto the monitor.
Its a medical report.
The lupus attacked her lungs, causing inflammation.
So not only was she tired and weak, she struggled to get enough air to breathe.
Is that right?
Sometimes she had trouble breathing, Dillon relents.
The prosecutor clicks her fake nails on the jury bar and asks, Even though your mother was in this fragile, indefensible state, your father felt the need to assault her to protect you?
Couldnt he have used as little as half the force he did to remove her from you?
Do you have children? she snaps.
By that blazing look in Dillons eyes, I can tell shes stringing together a chain of expletives in her head.
I can also tell that shes on the verge of being declared a hostile witness.
Answer the question, Miss Collins, the judge admonishes.
Dillon is undeterred, restraining herself to her seat but inching toward the precipice of it.
If you saw your child being brutally raped, would your focus be on how to have a civil negotiation with the rapist, or would it be on keeping her from jamming a hairbrush into the kids vagina again?
Miss Collins, the judge continues, voice raised, answer the question, or I will hold you in contempt.
You know what he did as soon as he threw her off me?
He picked me up asked me if I was okay.
He rocked and soothed me as I cried.
He dialed 9-1-1 to get an ambulance for each of us.
It wasnt that he was intent on killing my mom.
He was intent on protecting me.
Miss Collins, the judge repeats.
_Answer the damn question, Dil!_
Yes, he could have used less force, she responds coolly to the prosecutor.
Miss Collins, do you want your father to be released from prison?
Yes.
Why?
Because hes innocent.
Do you think youre impartial?
You are his daughter, after all.
No, but it doesnt mean Im wrong.
If he did intend to kill your mother, do you think he should be absolved because he did so in your defense?
I Her eyes flinch to her dad, then to me.
Shes asking us a question neither of us can answer.
I dont know enough about the law to say if he should be.
The prosecutor lifts her shoulders in one of those fake shrugs litigators do.
If I killed my childs rapist, would that be just?
Depends on the circumstance.
What kind of circumstance would justify my killing this rapist?
Dillon tilts her head back and forth.
Well
Oh, God.
Shes not thinking.
She knows exactly what shes going to say, and its going to put her in a jail cell.
I suppose if the rapist were a black man like my father, you wouldnt even be indicted.
Miss _Collins_ , the attorney chastises, but it doesnt dissuade Dillon, whose hands are in the air, preacher style.
_Dont do it, Dil._
Really, though.
Would we be here if my mom had killed my father to keep him from raping me?
No!
Shed be a heroine.
Shed
Miss Collins, the judge shouts, this is your last chance.
Dillon forces a breath through her nose as she quiets, and the prosecutor closes in.
You said Id be justified in killing my childs rapist if the circumstances warranted it.
According to the law, youre correct.
However, were relying on you, an admittedly partial witness, to convey those circumstances?
Dillon grits her teeth and answers, Yes.
Just to be clear, we know your dad killed your mom, right?
Yes.
Was she too weak to defend herself against him?
She sighs.
I guess so.
And you want your father out of prison?
Yes.
So, she weighs in one hand, we have the facts that point to murder, and, she raises the other hand, we have your biased opinion that suggests justifiable homicide. She turns to the jury and asks, Shouldnt we convict based on facts?
Objection! Uncle Will calls out.
Leading the witness.
Withdrawn.
No further questions.
!
[](images/image-11780417_518521098300261_1225406768_n.jpg)
I take a final, shaky breath before I knock on Dillons dorm-room door.
Muffled from within she shouts, Fuck off!
Its Michael. Why am I so confident that its not me she wants to fuck off?
The door clicks as she opens it.
Her hair is up in a disheveled pony, a thick headband covering the curls at her scalp already undoing her hard work of straightening them.
She pretends she wasnt just crying, but is terrible at it.
Her makeup is worn off, her cheeks and eyes puffy.
I brought you a present.
She sniffs.
Yeah?
After I open the ice-packed lunch box, I pull out a Diddy Riese ice cream sandwich.
I had them make it the gross way you likepeanut butter cookies and strawberry ice cream.
A sigh splinters a reluctant smile across her face.
She swings open the door, then waves her arm to usher me inside.
I could have just made you a peanut butter and jelly, then stuck it in the freezer, I say as I hand it to her.
It would taste the same.
Not even close. Dillon unwraps it before handing it to me.
Try it.
I take a bite of the melting ice cream and chilled cookie.
Its almost as disgusting as I thought it would be.
Nope, I say with my mouth full.
She hops up onto her bed and I follow, our backs against the wall that meets the long edge of her twin mattress.
Her tone is matter-of-fact when she says, So, my dads going back to prison for life, and its all my fault.
I shift to face her.
What are you talking about?
You did incredible today.
She shakes her head, swishing silent tears down her cheeks.
No, I fucked his whole case up, Michael.
Ive never been so alarmed by tears before.
This is the first time Ive seen her cry.
Theres something that feels catastrophic when people as strong as her break, like the earth beneath them might crack, too.
Are you kidding?
Did you see how scared she was?
She had to try so many lines of questioning
And I still said what she wanted the jury to hear.
Dil, thats not your fault.
They havent even gotten a chance to lay out the defense yet.
It always looks bad when you have to hear the prosecution day after day.
Soon, everyone will hear his side.
Itll get better.
I promise.
She huffs and leans her head on my shoulder.
Okay.
Im hesitant when I wrap my arm around her.
Its hard to tell what the boundaries are with a friend like hera friend I have an irremediable crush on.
Ive wanted to ask her out since debate class, but I havent figured out a good way to do it since shes been so preoccupied with the trial.
It seems insensitive to say, _Hey, when youre not worried sick about your dads fate or preparing to testify about how your mother molested you right before your dad killed heroh, or studyingwould you like to go out?_ Needless to say, after a year of bonding over the commonality of my uncle being her fathers defense attorney, I have been sufficiently friend-zoned.
Im surprised when I feel the warmth of her cheek against my chest.
Dillons not usually one to need any kind of care, or, if she is, she doesnt come to me for it.
This is the least intimidating shes ever been.
Its throwing me off balance.
Does she want me to _comfort_ her?
Thats what a normal girl would want, but this is Dillon.
There is no manual for how to interact with her.
Shes so quiet as she cries that I dont even notice she started again until I feel her tears soaking through my T-shirt.
Her ice cream is hardly touched, so I take it from her hand and set it on the wrapper on her desk.
I pull her body into mine as her bawling grows audible.
She curls up against me, slipping her legs over mine so that she shivers in a huddle against my chest.
Her fists ball up my shirt as she lets out a sob.
I press my lips into her head and breathe in the fragrance of her hair.
Im here, Dil.
Its okay, I whisper.
Her voice shudders when she asks, Have you had sex before?
_Um what?_ What does this have to do with anything?
Yeah, why?
Voluntarily?
I nod.
Whats that like?
Oh, God.
Shes not just crying because she feels the burden of her dads trial.
Shes crying because she has to relive being raped over and over for it.
And she doesnt know anything different.
Um, its vulnerable, I guess.
And sometimes awkward, or it is the first time.
The first time is pretty much a guaranteed disaster. She laugh-sobs, then snuggles closer against me.
And, if you love the person, its still perfect.
Did you love them?
The girls you slept with?
There was only one, and yeah, I did.
Why arent you still together.
I shrug.
Sometimes things just fall apart.
She scoffs.
Thats a cop-out.
Her parents didnt approve.
Ah.
Then we left for different colleges.
She tried to make it about that, but she got distant well before then.
Her voice is steady for the first time when she says, Im sorry.
I hug her tighter, my cheek against the top of her head.
Dont be.
Now I get to be here with you. She pulls away, poring over my face with her gaze.
Ah!
Shit!
I shouldnt have said that.
I mean, not that Not in a romantic
I cant finish my sentence because her lips are parting mine.
Im _finally_ getting to suck her bottom lip, and _holy shit_ it is way better than I thought it would be.
Its full and soft and she tastes like peanut butter cookie, which is now the hottest taste ever.
I could be deathly allergic to peanuts and Id still kiss her like that moron in _Romeo and Juliet_ who kisses the poison from her dead lovers lips.
_Thats the way to die, Jules._
Dillons hands grasp at my shirt until theyre beneath it, until they find the waist of my jeans and tug me on top of her.
Were tangled together a minute before my conscience kicks in.
We cant do this.
Shes a mess and just trying to cope.
This isnt fair to her.
Even if she doesnt realize it now, I know shell regret this tomorrow.
I force myself to pull my face from hers.
Dil, what are you doing?
Her expression falls in an instant.
I watch her eyes squeeze shut, and her breath releases like Ive just punched her in the nuts.
You should go.
I dont move.
Why?
She shoves at my chest, trying to push me off her.
I dont budge.
Its cute how frightening she is all the time, but how harmless she seems right now.
A little worrisome, actually.
Girl should do some pushups.
If you didnt want me, you could have said something, asshole.
You didnt have to lead me on for months.
I stroke her cheek with my thumb, then let my fingers explore the soft skin of her neck.
My face stoops so my lips can follow the trail my fingertips blazed.
You have no idea how much I want you.
Then whats your problem?
Lets have sex.
I press off the mattress so Im hovering over her again.
What? I say with a nervous laugh.
No.
No?
Why not?
Because this isnt going to be some rip-the-Band-Aid-off thing where youre numb and dont care who you have sex with as long as its your choice.
I _do_ care, idiot!
I want it to be you!
Oh. I stretch my neck back, so I can see if theres truth to her words.
You like me?
She throws her hands in the air, then lets them slap against the bed.
Yes!
For, like, a year.
I was waiting for you to make a move, but you never did.
I bury my face in the warmth of her neck and groan.
We could have started dating a year ago?
I feel her chest shake as she laughs.
Apparently.
My hand curves first her ribs, then her waist against me.
Her breath is hot in my ear when she asks, Are you really going to make me wait any longer?
* Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 # 17
### Cal
Id say I have a realistic perception of myself.
In the looks department, Im safely a seven.
Im only 510, but Im on the leaner side of 160 poundsin shape, but not broad-shouldered, thick-necked ripped.
If I worked out more, I might squeak up to a 7.5.
I dont tan without freckling, which brings me down a point or two, but Erin used to tell me I had a jaw and cheekbones that would make Gisele enviousnot sure how I feel about that compliment stilland eyes like sea glass, so I think that earns me some points above five.
The guy holding Estlyns hand is a solid ten.
Hes the classic tall, dark, and handsome type that girls think about when theyre having sex with sevens like me.
I dont know anything about designers, but Im fairly sure the clothes hes wearing are more expensive than my entire wardrobe.
And he probably pays more than ten dollars for his haircut.
Rich and hot.
Just like Estlyn.
Im a seven.
Hes a ten.
Shes a ten.
Math fucks me every time.
Shit, maybe I _am_ the jealous type.
Or maybe Im just like this with Estlyn.
Maybe its her short, silver dress and the fact that I cant stop wondering if shes wearing panties or not.
She didnt wear panties under her dress when she took me to dinner the other day.
I found out in the bathroom when I reached up her dress to pull them down and felt nothing but her warm skin.
I should be relieved that Estlyn is with someone, right?
Its confirmation that shes unattainable.
Erin loves me.
And I still love
My God, is Estlyn wearing panties or not?
Shes bending to sit, and theres no line on either ass cheek.
A thong maybe?
Nothing?
Agh!
I gotta know.
Nope.
Doesnt matter.
As I was saying, Estlyn is with someone, and Erin and I love each other.
Sure, she fucked my father, but we can move past that, right?
Couples work through infidelity all the time.
This means I might not have to sleep on Elliots couch much longer.
Estlyn and Mr.
Ten kick back at a narrow booth.
She tosses her ebony hair behind her shoulder and huddles over the table to him.
Ive never seen her hair straight before.
Its like silk falling down her back.
Shit!
Mr.
Ten catches me staring.
My eyes go on a frantic search for something to busy myself with.
A middle-aged man in scrubs brandishes his empty glass at the other end of the bar.
I make my way toward him, but another bartender beats me there.
Excuse me, a guy calls out from behind me.
I turn to see Mr.
Ten pressing one hand into the bar.
I will myself to be polite, but I cant force a smile.
What can I get for you?
Two mojitos, please.
Before I can bite my tongue, I ask, Are you sure one of those shouldnt be a wet gin martini, stirred?
Or an Old Fashioned?
His mouth curls, Grinch-style, into the widest grin Ive ever seen.
Estlyn ordered a martini, but she pissed me off on the way here, so shes getting a disgusting drink _and_ shes paying for it.
I chuckle both with relief and because this guy is the most instantly likable human Ive met.
Hes a ten in looks, but also a six on the Kinsey Scale.
I set a martini glass on the counter.
Dont do it. Mr. Ten/Six is glowering at me when I look up at him.
You would give her a mojito, too, if you knew what she did.
I put the martini glass away and clank two highball glasses against the bar.
What did she do?
Shes hiding something fromhe places his hand over his chesther best friend slash aspiring gayby daddy.
Gayby daddy?
He flicks his fingers down, dismissing my question.
Oh, itll never happen.
Her dad wont give his blessing, and she doesnt do anything without his blessing.
Which is a shame, because can you imagine how gorgeous our blatino child would be?
I thought her dad was dead. Im not sure why I just blurted that out.
Why would you think that?
Oh, maybe hes talking about her adoptive father.
I shake my head and ask, How do you know shes hiding something from you?
Also, he adds, pointing a finger at me, Im pissed on your behalf because shes using you for more than just sex.
I spit, flabbergasted, but I dont have a drink in my mouth, so I just kind of mist saliva everywhere until I cover with a laugh.
What? Does that mean she likes me?
He rests his elbow on the bar and leans across it to me.
Shes not as tough as she seems.
Go easy on her, okay?
What the hell does that mean?
Is that supposed to answer my question?
I nod as if I understand.
Dean, by the way. He reaches his hand out to shake mine.
Cal, I say as I shake the hand of the most instantly likable and impossible to converse with person Ive met.
I hand him the drinks I hopefully didnt spit in.
Nice to meet you, he calls over his shoulder as he walks away.
I pour a couple of draft beers for some other customers before I hear, Linus! behind me.
Turning, I find Estlyn glowering and ushering me over with her finger.
I approach, then lean over the bar so I can feel her breath on my lips as she scolds me.
A mojito?
Am I nineteen?
Jurys still out on that one. I glance past her at Dean, who winks at me.
Ordered the wrong drink because he was mad or because she was too chicken to come over here herself?
Show me your real ID, and maybe Ill make you the drink you ordered.
She rolls her eyes and opens her clutch.
Shes about to hand her license to me, then presses it face down against the bare skin of her chest.
Can you keep a secret?
Of course.
Estlyn slaps the ID on the bar, picture-side up.
I pick it up and slide my finger over the picture that must be from high school.
The license is about to expire.
She is twenty-five, but her name isnt Estlyn E. Collins.
Its Dillon D. Hayes.
Besides my birth certificate, thats the only thing that still has my birth name.
I couldnt bring myself to change it after the Collins family adopted me.
D?
She huffs out a reluctant, Destiny.
I dont notice right away that Im smiling like an idiot at her confession.
It feels like Im winning whatever game were playing.
And shes adorable when shes losing.
Dillon Destiny Hayes.
Thats beautiful.
Sure, she says as she snatches it out of my hands.
Martini, please.
I nod and get to work.
Why dont you go by Dillon anymore?
I shouldnt even go by Collins anymore, but its on my diploma so I keep it in case clients want to check my qualifications.
Oh, yeah?
What firm do you work for?
She pauses as if shes deciding how much truth to tell me, if any at all.
Show me you can keep a secret, and maybe Ill tell you.
I ditch the cocktail shaker on the counter and whisper in her hair, Which mob do you work for?
She throws her head back and laughs.
I dont work for a mafia.
A gang?
No, its far less exciting than that.
I simply handle sensitive cases and, for my safety, prefer to keep my personal and professional lives from overlapping.
My gut knots a little.
Are you in danger?
Her dark eyes harden like marble.
For a second, they splinter, giving me a glimpse of the tumult behind them.
Then she blinks and bites her lip.
Aw, you worried about me?
Should I be? I pull back and pour her drink.
The olives plunk against the glass before I slide it her way.
What are you doing after your shift? she asks before sliding an olive off the toothpick with her teeth.
Im gonna troll bars for a hot bartender to have a longer-than-one-night- stand with.
Look no further. She points behind me.
I turn to see Elliot, and my chest shudders with laugher.
Mission accomplished.
Ill see you at ten.
Before she steps away, I reach across the bar for her wrist and tug her back.
I catch her cheek in my hand and kiss her.
When my lips taste hers, I realize I never had this with Erinthis overwhelming clash of emotions, this feeling of being held under by a crashing wave and not knowing when Ill come up for air.
I was never this thrilled with her.
Or this nervous around her.
Or this afraid for her.
* Chapter 18 Chapter 18{{{1 # 18
### Estlyn
You have one hour, Dean repeats as we step out of the elevator and onto the top floor of the Ritz Carlton.
Thats the longest I can be compelled to carry on a conversation with bland bartender Brooklyn.
I might need a little more than that.
No, you lose your edge at an hour.
You cash in at nine-thirty, okay?
Oh, relax.
You know its my last one.
You always say that.
Nope, Im burning this bridge to the ground. Hopefully I make it to the other side before I catch on fire, too.
I open my clutch for the guard at the door to examine its contents.
He takes my coat and Deans, then pushes the heavy white-and-gold door open for us.
As we do every week, Dean takes a seat at the bar to drink his weight in complimentary cocktails, and I drop ten grand in cash on the runners table to get my chips.
There are three open seats at the game table.
I take the one with another available next to it.
Its Texas Holdem.
Hes had a shitty week.
This is how he blows off steam.
Hell be here.
He better be.
Im up four grand when Taylor East finally grants us the privilege of his presence.
I make a show of re-crossing my legs and pat, then caress, the open seat next to me.
He takes the bait even though Im closer to his age than hed prefer.
Maybe Linus is right.
Maybe I do look nineteen.
Taylors hand slides down my exposed knee after he sits in the seat I lured him to.
We play two hands like this, his hand playing my thigh like the neck of a violin, begging me to taste his ear as I whisper, Wheres that good girl tonight?
He turns to face me, but I dont lend him my ear.
I let him whiff the subtle scent of alcohol on my lips, let him think Im tipsy enough to open my legs.
Shes not so good, you know. His lips curl into a smirk as he sits up.
Call, he says and throws a few chips into the pot.
Raise a thousand, I reply, my eyes on his as I toss in my bet.
My gaze with Taylors doesnt break until its his turn to, hopefully, fold.
Im not confident I hold the cards to beat him _and_ that asshole investment banker two seats over.
But Taylor doesnt fold.
Neither does the asshole.
The dealer flips the river.
Taylor and I both check the table to find the fate of our hands.
The two pair I had didnt turn into a full house.
Its just a two pair.
There arent even any faces in it.
I turn back to Taylor and bite my lip to keep from smirking.
Check, he says, repeating the assholes bet.
Baby, thats no fun. My gaze leaves his just long enough to collect my chips.
I toss them and meet his eyes.
A thousand.
The third player slides his cards toward the pot.
Fold.
_And then there were two._
Whats it going to be, babe? I lean in and giggle, Should I take your money now, or do you want to gimme a little more?
I always wanna give you a little more.
I can hear Dean rolling his eyes from the bar, thats how ridiculous this is.
Taylor throws in a few more chips.
Five hundred.
Live a little. I drop my chips onto the pile one by one so he can hear each of them clink with the others.
Two thousand.
His tongue rolls over his bottom lip as he studies me, like hes considering his position for the first time this game.
I control my breath and simper as if I enjoy being the object of his speculation.
Hes fifteen-hundred dollars away from finding out if Im playing him.
I beg him to let me play him.
Arent you curious? I wink.
Dont you wish I was? Taylor throws his cards in the center, surrendering the pot to me.
Before I scoop up my earnings, I slither my hand up his leg.
 _Im_ curious.
Is she really as filthy as you say she is?
I release his thigh to collect my money, but he snags my wrist.
Fuck, yeah.
I shrug him off, uninterested.
I wont believe it until I see it.
Then let me show you.
Jackpot.
I tip my head toward the glass door behind us, and Taylor nods.
I cash in while Im on top and meet him on the narrow balcony.
His back is slouched against the railing in that effortless, Instagram-ready style hes rehearsed so much its become habit.
My fingers dance over the phone cupped in his hands until my middle one flicks the edge of it from his grasp.
I turn so he can pull my ass against his groin and grope my waist and hips while I flip through the child-porn pictures of his new girlfriend.
These are all selfies she took naked in the mirror with pursed or parted lips and fuck-me eyes.
In other words, nothing that would incriminate him.
Finally, I swipe to a blurry, flesh-colored image with a play symbol over it.
I spin around so were junk-to-junk, so my hands are behind his head, so he cant see the screen.
My lips purr against his ear as I rhythmically grind against him.
God, I breathe, I love watching you fuck. His fingers dig into my ass when he pulls me as close as we can get with our clothes between us.
One of his hands is so focused on getting up my dress that he doesnt even notice that Ive sent this video and three others to my email.
His finger is on its way inside my thong when I drop his phone over the ledge.
Shit! I yell and wrench away from him.
My hands grip the railing as I watch it somersault to the pavement below.
Taylor isnt fazed.
His hands are grasping at the inside of my thigh, tugging my legs apart and back around him.
I giggle as his phone meets its ruin with a soundless splat.
My arms slip back around his neck.
Sorry, where were we?
Est! Dean shouts from behind me.
Good, he wasnt too deep in vodka to hear my signal.
Our cars here.
I tug Taylors earlobe between my teeth and let him shiver when I say, Next time, invite me.
Both of my palms thrust off his chest as I pivot to strut to Dean.
He takes my hand and loops it through his arm.
At the hall door, the guard drapes my coat over my shoulders and Deans over his available arm as we leave with twice the money that I had when we arrived.
We both keep our mouths shut until were in the back of the Uber.
Incorrigible idiot, I mutter to Dean.
He smiles half up his cheek.
They always think they are untouchable when they get away with it once.
Ill tip you once were back at my place.
Dean kisses my cheek.
Thanks, bitch.
I rest my head against the window as we turn left through a traffic light.
Seconds after, red and blue lights flash behind us.
Theres a whoop of a siren.
My heart hits the brakes, then the accelerator.
Then the brakes again.
Start.
Stop.
Start.
Stop.
Threatening to flatline as we veer into the nearest parking lot.
I should be thinking about my clutch stuffed with twenty grand in cash or the phone full of child porn I havent yet turned over to the police.
But all I can see is Michael.
Our driver rolls down his window to the greeting, License and registration. Those three words are how it starts.
How it always starts.
I study our driver.
By his accent and olive skin, its clear he was not born here.
He hands over the ID and registration hed already retrieved from the glove compartment.
Was I speeding or something?
The officer glances over the documents with his flashlight.
No, but did you know your left brake light is busted?
I want to shut my eyes.
I want to squeeze Deans hand.
I want to puke.
But I cant do anything that would make me look suspicious.
One wrong move is all it takes to turn this from a broken brake light into a barrage of blood and bullets.
The driver rubs his face.
No, I didnt.
I cant breathe when the officer shines his light over my window.
But then it continues to the trunk, then back to the paper in his hand.
Can you put your foot on the brake?
I assume our driver complies.
Yeah, its actually shattered if you want to take a look.
Maybe you got hit in a parking lot or something.
Shit.
Are you serious?
Yeah, they musta got the light bulb, too, because its not lighting up.
Ill be right back, the cop adds as he taps his hand on the roof of the car.
Dean is silent as he covers my hand in his.
Hes not afraid, but he knows I am.
When the officer returns with his printed warning, my vision clouds with purple and black spots.
Im not sure the last time I breathed.
When I try to take in air, my lungs refuse to expand.
The inside of the car darkens as my breaths pulseshallow and desperate.
I press my hand to my chest as my heart protests beating against the pressure inside my ribs.
Through the thick grey, a light shines into my face.
Then, the license-and- registration voice addresses me.
Miss, are you okay?
The door beside me swings open, and I slump over and vomit out of it.
The officer crouches to support my sweating shoulders.
Thats when I glimpse the gun on his belt.
I ease my hands to the back of my head.
Please, I repeat as I hyperventilate.
Please, _gasp_ , please, _wheeze,_ dont.
Theres this sudden cacophony around meDeans panic, the drivers concern over the possibility I puked in his car, and the officer radioing for an ambulance.
Then, the lights shut off.
* Chapter 19 Chapter 19{{{1 # 19
### Michael
**Six Years Ago**
God, what is she doing to me?
I dont lift my face from her pillow when I answer, Yeah, we should probably wait. Dillons hands return to the waist of my jeans and slip between them and my boxers.
_Come on, Dil, help a guy do the right thing._
Why? she breathes as she pops the button of my jeans loose.
Whats going to change between now and whenever you think Im ready?
I shut my eyes as if thats the same as shutting out the slender fingers teasing my dick.
II dont know.
Maybe you could get counseling?
Her chest arches into me as she cackles.
You really think Im going to keep talking about what happened?
You should.
Michael, nothing is going to change.
It takes every ounce of willpower in my body to roll off her and onto my back.
My hands cover my eyes and muffle my groan.
I dont want to hurt you.
The sincerity returns to her voice.
Then show me it doesnt have to hurt.
My eyes meet hersnaked and honest.
This is the first moment that I see she isnt manipulating me to get her way.
She actually does want something different, something better.
And she wants it from me.
Okay. I ease the hem of her shirt up her waist, my fingers grazing her skin as I do.
They stop when I reach the wire of her bra.
You _have_ to tell me if you change your mind.
It doesnt matter when
Her throat rises when she swallows.
I wont.
Dillon lets me kiss every inch of her body as I undress her.
Beneath her clothing is a breathtaking fragilitydelicate but strong, like glassglass that will shatter in the wrong hands.
Shes trusting my hands to hold her.
Her anxiety surges as her body responds to me.
Hard between her legs, I feel her swollen and wet, but her hands are unsteady as they trace my body.
Theyre shaking and scared.
I rest my lips against her ear.
Its okay if you changed your mind.
I didnt.
Im going to get a condom, okay? She nods as I reach to my wallet on the desk.
Her eyes tighten shut as I roll on the condom.
I brush my fingers back through the hair she freed from her ponytail minutes ago.
Dil, take a breath and relax.
A tear slips down her temple.
What if I cant feel anything?
Or if it hurts?
What if Im too fucked up down there to
Hey, I whisper before taking her bottom lip between mine.
Then well figure it out.
We have plenty of time.
She nods, taking the calming breath I asked her to.
A shuddering inhale passes her lips as I enter herthe kind that makes me know she can feel me.
And it doesnt hurt.
As if that wasnt the best sound she could make, she lets out a laugh.
Its so breathy and short that its barely a laugh, but she does.
I press up onto my hands so I can see her face.
What?
Im not completely fucked up. I wonder if thats why shes waited until she was nineteen to do thisbecause she was afraid she was ruined and didnt want to find out for sure.
Cupping her cheek in my hand, I kiss her as deeply as Im buried inside her.
We take every movement slowly, cautiously.
Each sound she makes in response is perfect.
Im in no rush, which is good since it takes a while for her to finally tense and release and melt breathless beneath me.
But she does for the first time ever, and she does it with me.
My fingers caress the skin over her spine as she sleeps naked on my chest.
My eyes open when I hear something trickling from the desk beside us.
I glance over to see a puddle of pink ice cream dripping to the floor.
* Chapter 20 Chapter 20{{{1 # 20
### Cal
Its eleven oclock when I realize Im an idiot for waiting more than fifteen minutes for Estlyn.
She never showed up at the Dive, which is fine.
Im old- man-level exhausteddefinitely too tired to go out or have sex.
At least, thats what I tell myself as I drop into the front seat of my car.
Im in the parking lot of Elliots complex when my phone rings.
Its not a number I know, but it has a 310-area code, so I answer.
Hello?
Hey, is this Linus Calloway?
Yeah
Oh, thank God!
Jesus, give the girl youre sleeping with your number so I dont have to go through hell trying to get a hold of you!
Who is this?
Dean.
We met at the bar tonight.
Im charming and despicably handsome.
Ring a bell?
_And mildly insane._ I chuckle.
Yeah, I remember you.
Okay, so Estlyn did _not_ bail on you.
Shes in the hospital.
 _What?_ Why?
Is she okay?
He sighs.
I dont know.
They sedated the shit out of her and are running an EKG.
Holy shit, an EKG?
Is something wrong with her heart?
Possibly.
Theyre going to do an ultrasound in a few minutes here.
Does she have some sort of condition?
No.
I thought she was just having a panic attack or maybe PTSD or something, but they think its something else.
PTSD?
Yeah.
Look, I gotta call her dad before she wakes up and tells me not to.
Save this number.
Its hers.
Wait, what hospital is she at?
UCLA.
Ill be there in ten minutes.
* Chapter 21 Chapter 21{{{1 # 21
### Estlyn
The pressure in my chest has been replaced by a heaviness in my eyelids.
But I can still fight them open.
Im lying down inside some room that has a paneled ceiling and lots of beeping and distant voices.
Ah, hospital.
I survived.
My hands inspect my torso and thighs for bandages, but there are none.
Instead, they find several wires and adhesive pads stuck to my chest.
I push myself upright, but something shoves me back to the bed.
Not hands.
It was the strength of whatever drug they pumped me full of.
Dean, I whimper.
Warm skin meets my cheek.
Hes on the phone, but hell be right back.
My head rolls toward the voice.
Linus.
How is he here?
I squint to focus on his face as I sink into his hand.
When did we pick you up?
His smile is gentle, but his eyes betray something else, something I cant quite figure out.
You didnt.
Then how did you I try to bolt to my feet but flop back to the inclined mattress.
Wheres my phone?
My clutch? I drop my legs over the side of the bed, and my body rolls off it with them.
Linuss arms and chest break my fall.
Hey, lie back down.
Dean pushes through the curtain that surrounds the door and taps the screen of my phone.
Hey, look whos awake!
Linus is propping me up to sitting when I reach my heavy arm out to Dean.
Give me my phone.
He hands it to me.
I already caught you up for the night.
Youll just need to heat it up when you get home.
A sigh whooshes from my lungs.
Thats his code for _I sent the videos to the LAPD tip site.
Then I deleted the email account you sent the videos to and from.
All you have to do is microwave your phone when you get home to wipe it clean._
Thank you, I whisper once Im steady enough to sit on my own.
Is fifty percent from tonight okay?
I already took twenty-five, and Im not taking any more. He sinks to sit on my bed, then guides my shoulders back to the pillow.
Now lie back down, bitch.
You had a fucking heart attack.
I scoff.
Im twenty-five.
I did _not_ have a heart attack.
A couple taps on the door precede a young woman in a white lab coat entering my room.
Estlyn?
Yep. I raise my hand as if someone else in this tiny room might be the patient.
Im Dr. Bianche.
How are you feeling?
Great. I reach into the gown to rip the sticky pads from my chest.
Im going to head home now.
Im afraid we cant let you go home yet.
_Let_ me?
Bitch cant tell me what to do.
I watch as she grabs the stool on wheels and takes a seat as she looks through my file.
Theres gotta be something I can sign so I can leave.
Well, lets talk about your condition first so we can make the best decision for you.
_My condition_.
Please.
I contain an eye roll as she continues.
You had a type of heart attack known as a stress cardiomyopathy.
Shit.
I _did_ have a heart attack.
The good news is, its not the traditional type of heart attack, where you have a blocked artery and your cardiac tissue dies.
Your heart should return to normal within a couple of months.
Great.
So, Im okay?
Well, no.
You still had a heart attack.
You have to make some lifestyle changes if you want to keep this from happening again or from having heart failure in the future.
Lifestyle?
I dont understand.
Im not overweight.
I dont smoke.
I exercise
Youre right.
Youre physically healthy, which is great.
But its called _stress cardiomyopathy_ for a reason.
Im talking about changes you can make to reduce emotional strain in your life.
Do you have anything causing you anxiety right now?
I purse my lips and shake my head.
Nothing comes to mind.
Okay, well it doesnt have to be stressful.
It could be grief or anger or even a breakup.
A nickname for this condition is broken heart syndrome.
Is there anything like that going on right now?
I feel Deans eyes boring two holes in my face.
Nope.
The doctor allows me to linger in a silence long enough to show me shes unconvinced.
Okay.
Were going to keep you overnight to ensure youre stable before you go home tomorrow.
Youll need to take the next four weeks off work.
Do you need someone to help you with the disability application?
I snicker.
Im a lawyer.
I think I can handle some paperwork.
Shes unfazed by my insolence.
Its fucking annoying.
Do you have a psychiatrist or therapist?
No, of course not.
Okay, well send you home with a list of providers covered by your insurance, and Ill set up a psych consultation for you while youre here.
Does she have to say all this bullshit in front of Linus?
Why, exactly?
Estlyn, twenty-five-year-olds are not supposed to have heart attacks.
I air quote as I repeat, Heart attack.
Estlyn, Dean cuts in, listen to the damn doctor.
Dr. Bianche holds in a snicker before starting again.
Theres only so much I can do for you.
A mental health professional can help get to the root of the issue.
That way, you wont have such an intense reaction to stress again.
I can tell you for certain there was nothing stressful about tonight.
Dean clears his throat off to my left.
Nothing?
Really?
Asshole.
I grit my teeth just enough for him to hear it.
Nothing.
Hell just ask you a few questions, the doctor continues.
Its nothing more than that.
And do you have someone who can stay home with you at least this week?
Sure, of course.
Oh, yeah? Dean chimes in.
Who?
Motherfucker.
I didnt invite him to my little heart-attack party.
I have someone.
Really?
Whats his name?
After a super long pause that is probably even longer than I realize because the drugs are slowing me down, Linus answers, Cal.
Deans and my heads snap to him.
What?
Hes going to stay with me for a week?
Not just stay with me, but take care of me?
I just met the guy.
Oh, and used the unwitting sap to take down his family.
Eh, there was no love lost there.
And Rory or Dean can hang out when I have to work.
Linus, I shake my head, you really dont need to do that.
His rubs his face, cheeks heating with red.
Shit, I think I just rejected him.
Yeah, thatd be too much, too soon, huh?
No.
It wouldnt be.
I want him around.
Im scared at the thought of being in that apartment alone with my heart on the fritz _allegedly_.
For all I know, my hearts fine.
I could have just had some bad fish tacos for lunch.
No, not at all.
I just dont want to inconvenience you.
Thats a lot of pressure to put on someone Ive known four days.
Im sure I can
This is her version of begging, Cal, Dean interrupts.
She needs you.
I roll my eyes, and Linuss lips split into a relieved smile.
After the doctor leaves, Linus covers my hand with his and presses a kiss to my cheek.
You okay if I run home and pack real fast?
Linus, you dont have to come back here.
I can just call you when
Shut up.
I want to.
Dean chuckles.
You learn fast.
Linus pats his shoulder on the way out the door.
Thanks for calling, man.
Yep.
When Linus is safely out of sight, I narrow my glare on Dean.
What the fuck?
Dean responds with his delicious, evil grinthe _damn it, hes gay_ grinthen feigns innocence.
What?
You want to talk about returning to the crime scene when the police are there?
How am I supposed to work on Easts case with Linus in my home?
Youre not, dumbass.
Youre not supposed to work at all for a month.
You set everything in motion to get Taylor and Ron fired.
You might even get Taylor indicted again.
Youve done your due diligence for your client.
Now you wait.
What about my other clients?
Tell them you have to take a medical leave, like a normal person.
Dean, do you understand how my job works?
I dont have paid vacation or sick days.
I dont have colleagues who fill in.
If I dont handle these cases, Ill lose my reliability.
My reputation is my income.
Or, instead of working, you can tell them youre swamped and they have to wait in line.
Itll make you look like youre in even higher demand than you are.
I let out a low growl.
Ill just do what I can from home.
No.
You wont. He throws his hands up and flops back in his chair.
I dont even get why youre still doing this.
You have a JD and about a bazillion connections.
You could get a job at a firm like a regular lawyer.
What do you mean still doing this?
You gotta drop the vendetta sometime.
Your job made sense five years ago when you were mad as hell, but now youre still trying to right every wrong, and Est, he shakes his head and sighs, you just cant.
Maybe not.
But Ill right even fewer at some law firm.
Dean scoots his chair up to my bed and takes my hand.
This is taking a turn.
I dont like it.
Do you really think this is what Michael would want for you?
My eyes sting.
The sides of my throat stick to each other, and my chest aches like muscles after a marathon.
No, this isnt what Michael wanted for me.
But its too late for either of us to get that.
You should head home.
Why?
Because youre pissing me off.
What do you want from your apartment?
I didnt mean _my_ home.
Bitch, Im trying to help you.
And do you _really_ want to keep all this cash in your hospital room?
I huff.
Toothbrush, toothpaste, and clothes, please.
You know the combination to the safe?
Yup.
And can you wipe my phone while youre there?
Obviously.
Ill tell the nurse to sedate you again on my way out, so you dont scare Linus away.
I flip him off.
He returns the bird as he leaves.
I reach for the remote and turn up the volume on the monitor.
The guys were watching _Fresh Prince of Bel Air_.
This was my favorite show to watch reruns of when I was a kid.
In college, I used to tell Michael he was the Carlton to my Will because I was smooth and sexy in that early nineties kind of way, whereas Michael was book smart.
He did not appreciate the comparison.
I melt into the pillow and shut my eyes.
The beeps of the machines are quiet beneath the sound of studio-audience laughter at Will Smith attempting a pickup line.
I never understood why Will tried so hard.
He was so pretty.
My lungs inflate against the soreness around them, and I do what I do all the nights I cant sleepI crawl into bed with Michael.
I imagine the weight of his arm over my waist, the curve of my body tucked against his.
I pretend to breathe in his scent.
I shiver as his lips nuzzle a kiss behind my ear.
I hear him tell me to relax, that hes here, and as long as hes here, hell make sure Im okay.
He tells me hes not going anywhere.
Im drifting off when I hear footsteps enter my open door.
Must be a nurse.
Theres no way Dean or Linus is already back.
My eyes open to an LAPD uniform.
* Chapter 22 Chapter 22{{{1 # 22
### Michael
**Five Years Ago**
I would be lying if I said prison didnt scare the shit out of me.
I know thats hypocritical since I work for a defense attorney.
And because I hope to work in criminal law after law school.
And because the girl Ive been dating for a year has her only family here.
I know Dillon has been visiting her dad in prison under supervision since she was a kid, and alone since she was eighteen.
My palms shouldnt sweat when I walk through the metal detectors or get pat down.
But they do.
Hes not waiting for me in the visitors room when I arrive, so I fidget at the table, alone, like Im relegated to the friendless table in the high school cafeteria.
Except instead of a high school, its prison.
And instead of a cafeteria, its prison.
And instead of greasy food, its just more prison.
It takes Mr. Hayes an hour to arrive.
Or maybe two minutes.
However long it is, its not enough time for me to calm down enough to say the words Ive rehearsed.
But I am relieved not to be alone at the lame kids table anymore.
I stand the moment Mr. Hayes passes through the door.
He reaches his hand out to shake mine.
Michael, right?
Shit, does he really not remember my name?
The shaky smile I manage to offer fades.
How am I supposed to do this if he doesnt think Im significant enough to
Nah, Im just playing, Michael. He releases my hand and gestures for me to take a seat across the table from him.
Youre all Dil talks about.
What kind of father would I be if I didnt know the guy my daughter was in love with? We both sit down before he asks, To what do I owe the pleasure?
Well As I look up at him, all the words I memorized disappear, and rushed sentences tumble out.
Sir, I want to spend the rest of my life with your daughter.
And, look, I put my hands out in defense, I know were young, and you and I both know she could do better than me, but she I take a ragged breath as I shake my head.
Shes the first person I think of in the morning, and each night I want her falling asleep with me until we cant wake up again.
I want her to have everything I can give her, sir, even my life if necessary.
Do I have your permission to give her that?
When Mr. Hayes answers, steady and slow, I realize just how frantic my desperate little speech was.
How are you going to provide for her while youre in law school?
Yes!
I was prepared for this question.
Its not ideal.
Well have to live on student loans for a few years, but I have a job lined up when I graduate.
And where will you live?
Ive applied for graduate housing.
We should have no problem getting an apartment.
He nods.
And when do you plan on marrying her?
_Marrying_ sounds more real when it comes from his mouth.
Half my nerves dissolve into elation.
Im going to marry her.
Probably next summer after she graduates.
That way you could walk her down the aisle.
His expression remains serious.
When are you two moving into this apartment?
Im moving in this fall.
I can get a roommate until
He shakes his head.
No, if she wants to move in with you, she should.
I like the idea of her having someone to look after her.
Oh. I wasnt expecting him to ask me to move in with his twenty-year-old daughter, but Im not going to complain.
I agree.
As for the wedding, if you need to elope in order to afford it, I understand.
Obviously, I have nothing to contribute financially
Mr.
Hayes, please dont think about that.
My mom doesnt have a daughter, and I can assure you will be thrilled to pay for a wedding and fight with Dillon over every detail.
Best of luck to your mom. He smiles and offers his hand again.
Take care of her, okay?
Im way too eager when I shake his hand.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
He squeezes my hand tighter when I try to let go.
My palm is getting slick again.
Now I know where Dillons commanding personality comes from.
Im serious, son.
She doesnt have a stable thing in her life.
You have to be that for her.
Of course.
You may never leave her.
You may never hurt her.
And if I find out you did either
I never will.
He snickers and releases my hand.
I know, Michael.
Relax. His arms cross on the table.
Besides, we both know Dillon is the one you should be afraid of. Before I can agree, he says, Have you ever met someone who crossed her?
I search my brain for a moment.
No, I dont think I have, actually.
Thats because she ruined them.
* Chapter 23 Chapter 23{{{1 # 23
### Estlyn
Sorry.
Didnt mean to wake you.
What the hell is a cop doing in my room?
My eyes immediately dart to his belt.
No holster.
No gun.
His hands are behind his back.
He might be holding it there.
Dillon Collins, right?
_Shit._ I dont answer.
Im Officer Bennett.
I pulled your Uber driver over?
How could I forget?
Now that its light, I can see hes not much older than I am, maybe thirty.
His eyes are a bright blue under his short, dark hair.
His shoulders and chest are broad, but his gut isnt as lean as duty probably prefers.
Your face stuck in my mind tonight, but I couldnt figure out where I recognized you from.
Then, after the EMTs took you, I ran you through the system. One hand stays behind his back as he points at me with the other.
You were the eyewitness in the Michael Bishop case.
I dont nod, and I dont move my hands.
Theyre above the blankets.
He can see them, right?
I was therethat night, I mean.
Not when it happened, but I was called to the scene after.
I, um His throat struggles to roll as he swallows.
Look, Im not going to pretend I know what you went through or anything like that, but do you know the name Luther Bennett?
I dont know why you would, Bennett rambles, hes been out of the headlines for twenty years
His eyes light with surprise when I nod.
Of course I know the name.
I know every case like Michaels in California from the last thirty years.
Bennetts voice is soft when he says, Okay.
Well, Luther was my stepdad.
Raised me and my brothers since I was three.
_Holy shit._
His eyebrows knit together as he shakes his head.
No one on the force ever apologized or even acknowledged our loss.
And then, tonight, I realized you probably never got an apology, either.
Okay, what is happening?
Dillon, I cant begin to tell you how sorry I am for what happened that night with Michael.
This is too little and five years too late, but Both his arms swing in front of him, and he looks down at a stuffed animal in his hands.
I was going to bring you flowers because youre sick.
Then I realized flowers die, and youve probably had enough of that shit.
So, umGod, this is so weird, but when kids come through the station because theyre victims or when they see a parent or someone else killed, we give them one of these to hold and play with while we question them. His hands are uncertain as he presents to me what looks like the softest little lion ever created.
Then they take them home.
Or, he shrugs, wherever they go because most of them dont go home.
He sighs, then continues to talk in an attempt to calm his nerves.
Hes nervous.
_Hes_ nervous?
Because of _me_?
And I know youre not a kid and you werent then, but I saw this lion and thought it should be yours. Hes growing more uncomfortable as he blathers, rubbing his stubbled chin with three fingers and looking down instead of at me.
I guess I thought of you since lions are fierce and resilient.
And, if the police had done something even as simple as this when we lost my dad, it would have meant a lot to me. He sighs with regret and adds, God, this is so trite, I shouldnt
I reach out and take it from his hand.
Tears puddle in my lids as I stroke the lion with my thumbs and squish it between my fingers.
Its somehow even softer than it looked.
My eyes dont venture from it when I whisper, Thank you.
May I? He points to the chair Dean had previously occupied.
I nod, though I have no idea why he wants to sit there.
Do the doctors know what happened to you tonight?
I nod.
Are you going to be okay?
I nod once more.
His head bobs forward and back.
Ill let you get some sleep.
As he stands, I blurt out, Do you like _Fresh Prince_? I dont know why I want him to stay, but I do.
I glimpse the ring on his finger and realize he probably needs to get home to his wife, probably a couple kids, too.
They should be his priority, not me.
He relaxes back into the chair.
Everyone likes _Fresh Prince_.
I nod and turn the volume up a notch.
My lungs and chest ease as I continue to massage and fidget with the fuzzy little lion in my hands.
Bennetts right.
A stuffed animal in exchange for Michael is triter than offering me shit in his hand.
But him remembering Michael isnt.
Him visiting me in the hospital unarmed isnt.
Him apologizing for something no one else did isnt.
Ill take the lion.
I dont know when my eyelids finally give in to my fatigue, but its light when they recover.
Bennett is gone, the little lion he gave me is tucked in my arm, and Linus is asleep on my bed with his hand on my stomach, his face an inch from mine.
* Chapter 24 Chapter 24{{{1 # 24
### Cal
A panicked whir of alarms wakes me.
I jerk upright to check on Estlyn, but she isnt in the hospital bed with me anymore.
A nurse bursts through the door, then calms when he sees the EKG is freaking out because no one is hooked up to it.
Do you know where she is?
I shake my head.
The nurse pushes some button on the monitor to shut it up, then leaves.
I reach for my phone to call Estlyn when I see half a dozen missed calls and a handful of messages from Erin.
_Hey, someone called me from UCLA Medical Center trying to get ahold of you.
Is everything okay?_
_Whos in the hospital?_
_Is it your mom again?_
A few hours later, _Im worried about you._
Why would Estlyn have Erins number?
Or know who she was or how she was connected to me?
Wait, Estlyn was sedated when Dean called me.
Maybe Dean knows Erin somehow.
But why would Dean know Erin had my number?
I text her back, _Hey, sorry.
Chaotic night.
My moms fine.
My friend had some kind of a heart attack.
Who called you?_
She texts back right away.
_Oh my God, is he okay?
Some nurse called.
He wouldnt say who the patient was, just that they needed your number._
_Yeah, shes fine.
Thanks for doing that._
_Sure._
Yikes.
A one-word text ending with a period?
Dont think that she liked that my friend is a _she_.
_Well, I didnt like that you fucked my dad in our bed because you didnt want to risk the role he offered you.
I know, I know.
#TimesUp and all.
Im going to hell.
But, Erin.
Really?
You didnt have to choose a part over your self-respect.
Or over your boyfriend of five years._
Morning. I sit up on the bed to see Estlyn walk in.
Shes in sweats and a T-shirt tied at her hips.
The fabric is loose, but thin enough to see the pads and wires still taped to her chest.
Her smooth hair is brushed in front of her left shoulder.
To hell with the hospital gown?
She points her toes.
But not the socks.
Imma steal some of these.
Want any?
I smirk.
No, Im okay.
Hey, do you know how the hospital got my exs number?
An uneasy laugh shakes from her chest.
What?
She texted me saying a nurse asked for my number, then Dean called me.
She shrugs.
Thats awkward.
Im sorry.
No, its okay.
Just didnt know you guys knew her.
I dont.
But, Deans in the industry and knows _everyone_.
Maybe he made some calls until he found someone who could get him your number.
Taking her hand, I tug her to sit on the bed next to me.
How are you feeling?
She rolls her eyes.
Im fine.
Ready to get out of here.
I hate hospitals.
But this one has a wittle wion, I say as I crawl the stuffed animal up her shoulder.
She breathes half a laugh, then takes it from me.
You should lie down.
Im seriously okay.
Ignoring her protest, I guide her to the pillow, then pick her legs up onto the mattress.
I find the EKG cord, then raise her shirt to connect it to the one on her chest.
There. I lie down, facing her.
Now the machine doesnt say youre dead. I twist a lock of her dark hair in my fingers.
I must like you or something.
_She does?
Really?_ Yeah?
I dont let anyone touch my hair.
I pull my hand away to rest it on my thigh.
Est, you should have told me.
She finds my hand, pulling it over to cover her breast with it.
To clarify, thats where her hair is falling over her chest.
I like it.
Okay, I whisper.
Just dont ever get it wet, motherfucker.
A laugh explodes against the roof of my mouth.
Never.
As I play with her hair, I caress her boob through the thin cotton of her shirt.
Her eyes close with a contented breath when I trace a circle around her nipple, her fingers moving to my chest to draw gentle squiggles over my torso.
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Is this way too fast for you?
She opens her dark eyes to mine.
What?
The fact that youre going to spend a week living in my house as my caregiver after we met only four days ago for what was supposed to be a one-night stand?
I smile.
That sums it up.
Is it too fast for you?
No.
I volunteered, remember?
Yeah, but why?
Youre in that super fun rebound phase Ive heard so much about.
Heard so much about?
Youve never rebounded?
Ive never gone through a breakup.
What?
Arent you supposed to fuck a bunch of girls to get over your ex?
You sound like Elliot.
He wants you to fuck him?
I laugh, Im hard to resist.
Linus, I mean, you were with your ex for five years.
How many girls have you even been with?
I wince a little.
Two.
Including me?
The embarrassed cringe deepens when I nod.
Her hand pats, then cups, my cheek.
Aw, youre so sweet and innocent.
I push her hand from my face and snicker.
Shut up.
Should you really spend the week vegging out with me when you could be hooking up with a new girl each night?
Hold on.
Dean warned me you might do this.
Her eyes narrow.
Do what?
Estlyn, youre not getting out of someone taking care of you this week.
Youre not going back to work.
She grows defensive when she justifies, Im just looking out of for you and your evolutionary needs to bang an endless line of hot women.
Thats not an evolutionary need! I chuckle and add, Look, I just want to make sure youre okay with me staying with you.
I dont want you to think Im trying to make us more than we are.
And what are we?
Good question.
Maybe we could be exclusive this week.
Sort of a trial run.
Like, youll be my boyfriend?
For the week.
Sure.
I can be your girlfriend for the week.
_Girlfriend._ That word means Ill get to go home with Estlyn and sleep beside her every night and keep my toothbrush in her bathroom and leftovers from our dates in her fridge.
Ill get to ask invasive questions about her family and ex-boyfriends and find out her annoying quirks like if she flosses in the living room or bites her nails.
Ill get to fight with her about how she works too hard and needs to take it easy and listen to her doctor.
Ill see how pretty she is without her makeup every morning and how curly her hair is when it air dries.
What the hell is wrong with me?
Lets try this again.
_Girlfriend._ Ill have regular access to a pussy.
That sounds healthier, right?
Estlyn closes her eyes against the pillow.
Itll be like _Pretty Woman_ , except youre the cheap hooker.
I stroke her cheek down to her jaw.
Okay, but you owe me three grand and a Rodeo-Drive shopping spree.
Only three grand?
You should adjust for inflation. She yawns and closes her eyes.
I bend to the foot of the bed and pull the sheet and blanket over us.
When I cuddle her against my chest, I ask, Now that youre my girlfriend and Ive told you my number, whats yours?
Two, she breathes against my neck.
Including me?
She nods.
How is that possible?
And how am I one of them?
* Chapter 25 Chapter 25{{{1 # 25
### Estlyn
Im going to kill Dean.
Im going to strangle his pretty little neck, then bash his thick head of hair in with a brick.
Then Im going to take my key back.
Linus brought me home from the hospital this afternoon.
It took less than two minutes for me to discover my tablet and laptop missing and the following note on my counter:
_Bitch,_
_I set up an automated response in your work email explaining that you would respond when you were back in the office at the end of the month.
Dont worry, I sent it to every unopened email in your inbox as well.
I also reached out to the clients of your three open cases and told them you needed to take a four- week medical leave._
_On the counter is your phone for the next four weeksyour ONLY phone._
_That phone, by the way, is a pay-as-you-go burner.
All it does is text and call.
No internet.
No data.
No email.
Its useless._
_Enjoy your vacation._
_Love,_
_Dean_
_Ps.
Im convinced that your condition will vastly improve once youre gettin it on the regular.
Five years of celibacy is plain bad for your health.
On that note, enjoy the bag of goodies you paid for with your poker earnings._
Asshole.
I pull the tissue paper out of the pink-striped bag.
Oh, God, I whine.
Its worse than I thought.
Theres a slutty, lace bodysuitwhich I expected from the pink bagbut theres also a vibrator, massage oil, a copy of the _Kama Sutra_ , and two twelve-packs of condoms.
Dean thinks Im going to need twenty-four condoms in seven days?
What kind of ho does he think I am?
I have the massage oil in one hand and the _Kama Sutra_ in the other when I feel Linuss arms slip around my waist and his face bury in my neck.
I thought you were supposed to take it easydo nothing that would get your heartrate up.
Leaning my head back against his shoulder, I feel a shiver each time he kisses my neck.
You think a lot of yourself.
Linus takes my earlobe between his lips, then whispers, Go sit on the couch and pick out something for us to binge-watch.
Ill bring our lunch over.
I curl up in the chaise portion of the couch, settling in to search Netflix.
Im clicking through the Popular on Netflix titles when I stumble upon _When We Fall_.
Ive actually never seen this show despite working so hard to destroy the director and star.
Oh, and sleeping with one of the ex-writers.
Hey, which episodes did you write?
Linus sets the sandwiches we grabbed on the way home down on the coffee table.
Lets not watch this.
Why not?
Because your ex?
No, because He covers his face with his hands and groans.
Because I dont like people seeing what I write.
What?
But youre a _writer_.
Thats your job.
Thatd be like me saying I dont like people listening to me lie. I wink, and he laughs.
Thats why Im in screenwriting.
Few people go to the movies or watch a show because of the writer.
If I wanted to be connected to my work, Id be a novelist.
Aww. I puppy-dog my lip.
Youre shy.
Or, I got fired from my job and have a realistic view of my abilities.
Linus, no offense, but thats bullshit.
What?
I read one of the screenplays you had me forward to my friend.
Excuse me?
Yeah, the biographical sketch of E. E. Cummings that highlighted his inability to sustain a traditional relationship despite writing such whimsically romantic poetry.
I loved how you begged the question of whether art is what we experience or what we long for but can never have.
He stares at me a moment, apparently unsure what to do with my analysis of his writing.
Right he says, then hesitates.
And if the best art arises from those who feel the vastness of that gap between the perfection they want and the reality of what they can achieve.
Art inspired by the disappointed idealist.
Yeah. He nods.
 _When We Fall_ it is.
Estlyn, please, he entreats, his hand on mine.
I realize now that he doesnt want me to see the directors name, that he shares the last half of it.
I nod and give him the remote.
You pick. He browses the series and movies until he hovers over a show a beat longer than the others.
I know he wants to watch that one, but hes too embarrassed to select it.
Im a season behind on _Jane the Virgin_.
Have you ever seen it?
He chuckles and says, Im a season behind, too.
My burner phone buzzes on the coffee table a few minutes into the show.
Its a Lancaster area code.
I hit talk and listen to the recording, This is a collect call from, and then my dads voice says, Alexander Hayes. The automated voice returns and continues, an inmate at California State
I press _1_ to accept.
After one ring tone, Im connected with an unnecessarily worried-sick voice.
Dillon?
Im breezy when I answer, Hey, Dad.
Hows your weekend shaping up?
Dillon.
Destiny.
Hayes.
Dont you _dare_ act like you didnt just scare the shit out of your father.
What happened?
That depends. I nibble on my thumbnail as I ask, How much do you know?
I know that you passed out in the back of a car.
I know that you were in the hospital last night and they were monitoring your heart.
I just had some kind of panic attack.
But Im home now.
Back to normal.
Dean said it was a heart attack.
Those are two vastly different things.
Now, thats not fair.
You didnt tell me you knew that.
Which one was it?
It was
And _dont_ you lie to me.
I huff.
I had a cardiac event called stress cardiomyopathy.
They said my heart sustained no damage and that Ill be fine after I take it easy for a few days.
That sounds like bullshit.
Let me talk to Dean.
Deans not here.
Youre alone?
You cant be by yourself if
No, no, Im not alone.
I have a friend staying with me this week.
What friend?
Cal.
Cal?
I dont know any Cal.
I met him Tuesday.
Dillon, he scolds and lowers his voice, is he an escort?
No, Dad! He really thinks I have so few friends that I hired an escort to help me as I recover?
Then what does he do?
Hes a writer.
What does he write?
Television and movies.
I almost prefer the escort story.
Literature snob.
Hes also a part-time bartender.
Is he any good?
At bartending or writing?
How hard is bartending?
Well, he makes a mean Old Fashioned and has mastered period-specific dialogue.
Does that answer your question?
Is he straight?
Jesus, Dad.
Thats neither relevant nor your business.
He is, isnt he?
Why does his sexual orientation matter? Linus glances at me with a confused smirk.
I shake my head and roll my eyes to dismiss him from our conversation.
Hes not a friend!
Hes a straight boy!
I can have male friends who arent gay.
Let me talk to him.
Dad
 _Now_ , Dillon.
* Chapter 26 Chapter 26{{{1 # 26
### Cal
Estlyn groans and hands the burner to me.
My dad wants to talk to you.
Okay I put the phone to my ear, expecting a voice just as intimidating as Estlyns, but, of course, lower and more intense because hes her dad, and girlfriendseven temporary onesdads are frightening.
Hello?
Hi Cal, its Mr. Hayes. Oh.
He sounds less terrifying than Estlyns dad should.
Also, by his last name, he must be her biological dad.
So, hes not dead.
Why did she say he was in hell?
Hi, Mr. Hayes, how are you?
Im worried about my baby girl.
Shes a compulsive liar.
Good to know.
Can you tell me how shes actually doing?
Hang on. I stand up and head for the balcony, so I can rat out Estlyn without her knowing.
When I close the sliding door behind me, I answer, She told you the truth except she needs four weeks to rest, not a few days.
Okay, anything else?
Yeah, the doctor said it was induced by some sort of emotional stress.
I guess its called broken heart syndrome. They want her to see a psychologist, but she refused.
That sounds about right.
Listen, Cal, seeing a psychologist is going to be a lost cause, so dont even bother.
But, are you able to stay with her for the next four weeks?
I know thats a lot to ask, but
No, of course, I can.
Okay.
Dont let her answer the door or drive herself.
I wont, but is she in danger or something?
Theres a beep on the line, and then her dad says, Hey, Cal, I gotta go.
Thanks.
Before I can reply, the line goes dead.
When I close the sliding door behind me, Estlyn says, Shoulda said you were gay.
I flop on the couch beside her.
Why?
He wants you to stay longer, doesnt he?
Four weeks.
Howd you
God, Im sorry.
He thinks Im a spinster.
Youre twenty-five.
I turn twenty-six in the fall.
Oh, I tease, well, twenty-six and no ring would make you an old maid.
You really dont have to stay.
No, its fine. I wrap my arm around her.
We can stretch this trial run out to a month.
But youll have to pay me more.
She laughs against my neck, then presses her lips there.
Her fingers find the button on my jeans.
Then youll have to put out more.
Her hand is already making me hard when I whisper, Tomorrow.
Youre taking it easy today.
Fine, she sighs and pulls her hand from my boxers.
I reach for the remote and notice something from the hospital on the coffee table.
Whats that doing here? I ask as I point to the stuffed lion positioned to face the television.
She shrugs.
I wanted someone to hang out with while you were on the phone.
* Chapter 27 Chapter 27{{{1 # 27
### Cal
Id forgotten how incredible it is to live with a woman.
Theres always shampoo, body wash, and conditioner in the shower, which, by the way, is not outlined with black mold.
The toilet doesnt look like a jellyfish died upside down in it.
Her refrigerator has produce and dairysome of it is even _organic_.
The kitchen sink and garbage never overflow.
And Ive slept between a top _and_ a fitted sheet for three nights in a row now.
Yes, one of those nights was in the hospital, but it still counts.
Lately, Ive been living with a guy who owns only four real dishes and one bottle of some kind of soap in his shower that I assume he uses for everything.
And he doesnt care about having a real career or the fact that hes never had more than nine-hundred dollars in the bank or that he sleeps on a mattress with just a blanket and no sheets.
I actually have to applaud him.
Ive never gotten the hang of bachelor life, but Elliots great at it, especially the casual sex part.
Apparently, Im incapable of casual sex.
But, thats okay.
Estlyn seems to be, too.
Ive learned more about her in three days than I did about Erin in our first three months of dating.
Besides the fact that shes a restless, Type-A workaholic who acts like sick leave is torture, Ive noticed Estlyn has some behaviors that can only be described as hella weird.
Not the kind of weird where Im scared for my well-being.
Not even the kind of weird that makes me want to stop seeing her.
Just an inexplicable kind of weird.
Ive turned it into a game: Condoms Used vs. New Strange-Ass Behavior.
The current score is four to three, Team Condom in the lead.
If I were to record and study Estlyns actions scientist-stylewhich I dont because Im not a creepthe journal entries would go something like this.
_4:40 AM, Saturday: Estlyn talks in her sleep at the hospital.
When she does, her EKG reports such elevated levels of stress that alarms start blaring, causing a nurse to rush in to check on her.
Subject does not wake; instead continues to mumble or loudly contest that her case should be thrown out because Monroe obtained his evidence illegally._
_1:51 AM, Sunday: Subject is no longer asleep in her bed, but is instead attempting to pick the lock of her file cabinet with a bobby pin.
After eleven minutes of unsuccessful locksmithing, she pours a glass of white wine and retires to the couch, where she cries for six minutes before I join her with the excuse that the living room light woke me.
When I ask her what is wrong, the subject replies, Why would you think anything is wrong? She then turns on the television and climbs on top of me.
Subject kisses me and tries to pull my underwear off.
I tell her I do not want to have sex, I want to make sure she is okay.
She tells me she is always okay and that I should go back to bed.
I do not go back to bed.
After three glasses of wine, she bawls again for ten minutes until she falls asleep slouched against my chest.
I cover her with a blanket, and we sleep the rest of the night on the couch._
_2:27 AM, Monday: Subject has built some kind of sheet structure between the coffee table and couch with a dining chair bracing the middle.
I peek under said fort to find her lying down, surrounded by couch pillows and reading one of the books we bought yesterday by flashlight.
Upon closer inspection, subject is sharing pillow with a stuffed lion propped up to give the illusion that it is reading over her shoulder._
I knock on the seat of the chair.
Come in, she answers, then turns the page.
After I crawl under the sheet, I lie on my back beside her.
I glance at her face, but her eyes dont leave the book.
Since I interrupted her weird ritual last night, I figure I should respect this one.
So instead of interacting with her, I watch the breeze coming through the sliding door ripple the sheet above us like water.
Im dozing off when she finally says, My dad taught me to do this.
To read?
In a tent. She drops the open book to her chest.
I had some focus issues as a kid.
And poor reading comprehension. Her face turns my way and breathes a soft laugh.
Books were so fucking boring.
So, my dad started reading to me in a tent to kind of tune out the distractions.
He told me that when I went into the tent, the rest of the world didnt exist, that I was walking into the world of that book.
Those characters were the only people who were real.
What they said and felt and did were the only things that mattered. She picks up the book again.
What world are you in right now?
Rural town in the Midwest where a teenage boy slaughtered his family in the eighties.
Yikes.
Her eyes cut to mine.
Or did he?
I burst out laughing.
Is this some kind of normal thing I missed as I kid?
I have no idea.
Rory didnt know about it, so maybe its not normal.
But he didnt really have a parent to build a reading tent for him.
Thats sad.
She shrugs.
What happened to them?
His mom abandoned him.
Cops found her a couple years later after she ODd.
Heroin.
God.
She nods, still apparently reading.
I turn onto my side and prop my head up in my hand.
When was the last time you slept?
I mean, really slept?
A whole night?
She scrunches her forehead to think, then turns the page.
Five years, probably.
God.
Estlyn I say as I take the book from her.
Linus, the tent has rules. She reaches for the book, but I pull it back.
Im sure youre familiar with suspension of disbelief.
Reality doesnt enter the tent.
Why has it been five years?
This is a perfect example of an outside-of-tent topic.
Say no more. I hand her the book and crawl out from under the sheet.
Shes reading again when I grab both of her ankles and drag her out.
What the fuck, Linus?
She struggles, but shes so light and slender and sucks at defending herself that I slide her out of the tent with ease.
For how tough she is, shes delicate enough to throw over my shoulder.
She hits my back and kicks the air.
This is also against tent rules!
We arent in the tent anymore. I drop her onto the bed and flip her over to her stomach.
I straddle her ass and start kneading her shoulders and upper back.
Youre not going to get better if you stay up every night drinking and reading about kids murdering their families.
 _One_ kid, she murmurs as my hands move beneath the fabric of her tank top to better knead the muscles between her shoulder blades.
I catch her glossy eyes glaring at me before she closes them.
Good.
Maybe this will get her to sleep.
My fingers stop massaging her long enough to pull the hem of her shirt up, getting it out of the way, and she stretches her arms over her head to let me take it off her.
I warm the body oil I find on her nightstand between my hands before pressing them into her back again.
Thats when I notice a tear trickle over the bridge of her nose.
I stroke her hair away from her face and whisper, Whats wrong?
She replies with calculated breaths, the kind someone uses to keep a quiet tear from turning into untamable crying.
She never answers my question, so I continue massaging her back.
I dont know exactly how long it takes her to fall asleep, but after half an hour of this, shes definitely out.
I shut off the flashlight in the living room, then crawl under the covers to fall asleep with her.
Its not yet dawn when her voice awakens me.
You shouldnt have told him.
You didnt have to tell him, she mumbles over and over.
* Chapter 28 Chapter 28{{{1 # 28
### Michael
**Five Years Ago**
The mattress dips and rises for the fourth time tonight.
Im not even counting the times Dillon has simply tossed around, these are just the times shes gotten out of our bed.
_Our_ bed.
We moved into our overpriced one-bedroom apartment two weeks ago, the day after her last final.
I havent proposed yet, but theres plenty of time after the trial ends to do that.
She has enough going on right now.
My eyes open to the sight of Dillon sitting on the edge of the mattress in my Clippers T-shirt, her legs dangling over the side.
Baby, I murmur, you cant sway the jury telepathically.
She rubs the back of her neck, then rolls it around.
Three days means theyre leaning toward acquittal, right?
Ive stopped answering this question.
Theres no good way to.
I could try to give her hope, but she wont grasp it.
This is the second time shes waited for a jury to condemn or release her father, and it didnt end well last time.
Once I sit up, I scoot behind her to surround her legs with mine.
Here. I replace the hand on her neck with my own, massaging the muscles strung tight between her shoulders and head.
Can we try to have some fun tomorrow?
Take your mind off things?
She grumbles, Fun?
Do we have to?
Yes.
Its the weekend.
They wont be deliberating, so theres nothing even to think about. My lips meet the curve of her neck.
And Grandmas having a barbecue.
Everyones going to be there. I hug her, rocking us side to side with each idea I addto the right, You can win all of my cousins money in poker, to the left, then well eat too much and get trashed, to the right again, and lose everything we won back to my cousins on the Lakers game.
What do you say?
Your grandma hates me.
She doesnt hate you, she just
Doesnt like that Im a different color than you.
I sigh.
That doesnt mean she doesnt like you.
Just doesnt like you for me.
Thats the same thing.
Shell come around.
Well make her a pie and say it was your idea.
Thatll win her over.
Oh yeah.
From what I remember, pie ended apartheid. With a sigh, she leans into my chest and mutters, Fine.
Ill start slicing apples.
Its four in the morning.
She pushes off my thighs to stand, then turns with her hands on her hips.
Do you have something else in mind that I should do?
I snatch her hand and pull her down to the bed with me.
She giggles and shoves against me as I cover her face and neck with kisses.
I stick my tongue out and clutch her against me.
She flinches away.
Dont you _dare_ lick me!
You like when I lick you some places.
Ew!
What?
Should I not do that anymore? She slaps my arms before I slobber all over her cheek.
Is annoyingness attached to the Y chromosome or something?
If I lick you in a place you like, will it help you be able to sleep after?
It doesnt matter if it does.
You owe me now.
I roll her on her back and kiss her as my hand slides between her thighs.
I press her leg to the mattress, then whisper, Okay.
Try to sleep.
* Chapter 29 Chapter 29{{{1 # 29
### Cal
God, shes driving me batshit crazy.
I laugh and pour Dean another whiskey as he complains.
He spent the day with Estlyn yesterday, and Rory is with her today.
Shes burning through a lot of tactics to get me to cave. Deans finger and eyebrow raise, resolute.
But I wont, Cal.
She tried calling me every minute of every day, so I put her on my Do Not Disturb list.
Then she called my work phone, but jokes on her because I just ignore it until my office mate gets so annoyed with the ringing that she picks it up.
Estlyn can listen to Tonya bitch about her maybe-cheating husband all day.
Gives me a break. His eyes widen, and both hands fly to his mouth.
Oh, shit.
Shes not trying to get me to cave.
Shes drumming up business!
Is she a divorce lawyer?
He throws back his whiskey with a grimace and shakes his head.
How do I still not know what she does?
I glance past Deans shoulder as a man close to my dads age takes nervous steps closer and closer to Dean.
Once hes in his space, he taps his back.
Dean whips around to face him.
Excuse me, are you Dean Martinez?
His eyes are full of suspicion as he studies the stranger.
Um, why?
Its Dwayne.
Weve been chatting on Match.com and are supposed to meet up here at seven.
Deans shoulders slouch and his expression turns sympathetic.
Sweetie, youve been catfished.
Been what?
Im Dean, but Im not on any dating site.
Really?
Becausethe older gentleman displays Deans dating profile on his phone for himyoure right here.
Dean grabs the phone and starts scrolling through the profile.
Male seeking male, any race or religion, age fifty-five and older. Seriously?
I love me a sweaty old gay with that curly, salt-and-pepper chest hair.
The longer and curlier the better.
I want it poking above those top shirt buttons.
Oh, yeah, let it blow in the wind while we drive down PCH in your Lincoln sedan with the windows cracked.
In search of someone I can raise a family of hypoallergenic, small-breed dogs with; someone who doesnt have all their original joints.
Im so over all these sexy twinks who just want me for my hot bod.
Looking for a real man to settle down with, preferably in a gay-friendly, fifty-five-and- older community.
I cant help but give Deans blind date a once-over.
The poor guy is buttoning the second-to-top button over his ungroomed, grey chest hair as Dean reads.
His upper lip looks like the outside of a cold drink on a hot day.
Dean gives the man back his phone, then drops his forehead into his hand.
Cal, did you let Estlyn go to the library?
Um
He glares at me.
Cal?
Yes? How was I supposed to know shed use a computer to catfish unsuspecting old gays?
He turns to the humiliated older gentleman with confident compassion.
Sorry, hon.
My friend set you up.
Best of luck to finding a man half your age to raise that family of dogs with. Dean sends him off with a pat on the shoulder.
I pour him another whiskey before he can even ask for it.
Dean points at me while holding his glass.
The secret, Cal, is not to engage.
Shes like a toddler.
When she throws a tantrum, you just have to calmly put her in timeout, drink hard liquor, and plot your revenge for when she least expects it. He swallows his drink whole, then says, Im off to the loo.
More wisdom when I come back.
Chuckling, I drop the glasses in the nearly full bus bin.
Im not sure if I havent known Estlyn long enough to be that annoyed with her, or if shes taking it easy on me.
Or maybe its because shes so fucking hot and all her quirks intrigue me more than frustrate me.
Or maybe I should be on high alert for an elderly widow with a recent hip replacement to invite me to an early bird dinner.
When I return from the back with the empty bin, I freeze halfway to the bar at the sight of Erin.
The two trains Im usually hit with when I see her dont flatten me the way they usually do.
Not that getting hit by a train is ever pleasant, but it might not be fatal this time.
Hey. Erin smiles, rubbing her arms like shes trying to warm the nervousness out of herself.
Hey.
Do you want a drink?
She shakes her head.
No, I just wanted to, uh She looks down at the counter.
Actually, a glass of chardonnay, please.
Sure. I reach into the wine fridge for the bottle, then set a glass in front of her.
Have you heard about your job?
Yeah, thats what I stopped by to tell you, actually.
The producers fired your dad.
That fills me with a joy so pure, I dont even care that Im going to hell because of it.
I focus on the wine pouring into the glass to conceal my satisfied smirk.
So, does that mean you have a job still?
She takes the glass from my hand and sighs.
I dont know.
Netflix might be dropping the show.
Shit.
Why?
Taylor got arrested, so
Again?
She laughs.
Hes out on bail, but apparently the police got ahold of a video of him screwing some teenage girl.
_Again._ 
I roll my eyes.
How narcissistic do you have to be to film yourself having sex that many times?
Pretty damn narcissistic. She grins and adds, Anyway, my agents booking me some auditions. She twists the stem of her wine glass between her fingers.
What about you?
Oh I condense the _Im staying with a terrifying, hot-as-fuck lawyer whose brain might be slightly broken.
She set me up with an agent_ update to: I got an agent.
She loves my screenplay, and has a couple producers she thinks will be interested in it.
Her eyes brighten.
Damn, Cal, you land on your feet.
Erin, Im homeless and working twenty hours a week at a bar.
Yeah, about that She sighs, then shuts her eyes.
Cal, the lease on our apartment is up next month, andshe wincesI want to renew it.
Okay?
With you.
Oh.
Dean slides back onto his stool.
Estlyn claims no involvement in the old-gay scheme. Then he points at me and adds, You should know that shes a pathological liar.
Luckily, she has a tell. Its only then he notices that Im in the middle of a conversation with Erin.
Oh, God, Im so rude.
He taps the bar twice and stands to leave, but Erin puts her hand on his arm.
Wait.
Dean, right?
This is the first time Ive ever seen Dean ruffled.
Hes acting more on-edge because Erin recognizes him than when that poor catfished man did.
Yeah, he affirms through a shaky grin, and youre Erin, the rising star that took down Ron Calloway.
Erin takes a miniature bow at his praise.
Thanks again for writing that article.
Yeah, girl, no problem.
Now, if youll excuse me, I have a bitchy friend whose dating life awaits to be sabotaged. Dean winks at me, then makes his way to the door.
Erin spins to me.
How do you two know each other?
Oh _fuck._ Lying never works with her, but telling a half-truth works half the time.
Ill take those odds.
We have a mutual friend, I say with a shrug.
LAs a small town, you know that. I wipe down the bar.
So, you told Dean the story about my dad?
Howd you find him?
Oh, he found me, actually.
What?
Yeah, it was kind of weird.
He called me, told me he worked for TMZ, and said he had heard some rumors about Ron abusing his relationships with actresses and asked for comment.
He called you?
Howd he get your number?
God Leaning back, she sighs.
I dont know.
He works at TMZ.
They do whatever they need to for a story, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Estlyn said he was well-connected.
Estlyn?
_Shit._ See, this is why any girl I date has my guaranteed fidelity.
Im too damn stupid to get away with cheating.
Or careless.
Two sides to the same coin.
Yeah, shes our mutual friend.
She nods.
How long have you been sleeping with her?
I would say, _Excuse me?
Who are you to accuse me of screwing someone else?
How is that any of your business, fatherfucker?_ But shes not accusing me.
Theres jealousy in her tone, but no indigence.
Her eyebrows cinch together as she looks up at me with that anxious sense of loss, that realization that she got here too late.
And she just asked me to move back in with her.
She should know my answer.
Erin, Im not ready to commit to moving back in with you.
Has it been longer than a month, Cal?
Okay, now shes being a bitch.
I scoff and grip the edge of the bar.
My head dips between my locked arms and shakes in disbelief at her accusation.
Although, Im actually thrilled she just said that.
Because Estlyn might talk in her sleep and build tent fortswhich, by the way, Im starting to find endearingbut she doesnt see the worst in me.
The opposite, in fact.
She assumed I was a talented writer before she even offered me a connection to her friend at WME.
She assumed I was good in bed when she first saw me.
She assumed I would fit in with her friends when she brought Rory and Dean to the Dive.
Besides my crippling post-breakup fear that Im going to lose any girl who gets near me, Estlyn gives me confidence.
I lift my head and smile at hera genuine smile.
Thank you, Erin, for asking.
Because now I remember I didnt leave you because you fucked my dad.
I left you because you treated me like shit.
Cal, come on.
Its a legitimate question.
No, its not, because Im not you.
I dont cheat.
If you want to resign the lease, be my guest.
Just take my name off it.
Erin chugs the rest of the wine, then drops a few bills on the counter before storming out.
I pull my phone out of my pocket, go to messages, and type a text to Estlyn.
_Cant wait to see you!_
I erase it and try again.
_Hope youre feeling well.
Need me to bring home anything after my shift?_
* Chapter 30 Chapter 30{{{1 # 30
### Estlyn
Youre sure its untraceable, right?
Rory pops the cap off his second bottle of Corona, which I bought specifically because I knew he was coming over.
Est, as far as seventeen-year-old me knew, yes. He takes a swig of his beer.
I thought we went over this last week.
Did he reach out again?
I wouldnt know because Dean changed the password on my email account.
Damn, he is thorough.
No shit.
Can you hack into it?
He nods.
But I wont.
Fuck you.
I hope the beer makes you too bloated to get laid tonight.
He almost spits it out when he laughs.
Look, Est, no one is going to investigate a five-year-old crime, especially after his appeals were rejected, right?
And shouldnt the statute of limitations be up for everything we did, anyway?
Not embezzlement.
He shrugs.
I doubt theyll charge us.
The cops are the least of our worries.
Monroe could come after us directly.
Youre being paranoid.
Didnt they give you Xanax or something.
Can you take one?
Dean interrupts us by knocking his signature beat.
He must have forgot his key.
He usually just barges in.
I check through the peephole before answeringcant be too careful.
I swing it open to find Dean leaning one hand against the frame, glowering.
More like smoldering because, lets face it, hes fucking hot.
So, should I be expecting any other old men to proposition me?
Perhaps at my home or maybe my place of work? He primps the collar of his jacket, _Grease_ -style, as he walks in.
Dean, you can love whoever you want to love.
You know Ive never judged.
Cal will be revoking your library privileges.
I shut the door and lean my back against it.
I dont like your little friendship.
He flops onto the couch and nods at Rory because apparently thats all men need to do to properly greet each other.
Dont worry.
Im not going to the Dive anymore.
Oh really?
His ex showed up.
My stomach sinks.
It actually feels heavy.
Not because Im jealous, but because Erin knows Dean, and Dean knows me, and me knows Linus, who was the person Erin showed up at the Dive to see.
Did you get out of there before she saw you?
He shakes his head.
I handled it, though.
And I dont think Cal suspects you took his emergency contacts.
Yet.
Oh, Dean continues, Calloway got fired, Taylor got arrested, and Net He stops to glare at me when he realizes I already know everything hes telling me.
Library, I explain.
No more.
Cal promised to keep you away from computers.
Oh, please.
Hes not coming back. I twist off the lid of my beer and kick my feet up on the coffee table.
Rory swipes it from my hand.
Youre not supposed to be drinking.
I snatch it back.
Neither are you!
What do you mean hes not coming back? Dean exclaims.
He _has_ to.
You will die here alone before I have to stay three weeks with you.
Ah, a true friend.
You said his ex-girlfriend was at the bar.
So?
So, were they fighting?
Dean studies the ceiling before saying, No.
Then he probably wants to be with her.
Deans eyes widen as he turns to Rory.
You hear this, right?
Rory rolls his eyes as he tips his beer to his lips.
Your sister _likes_ the boy.
Dont push it, Rory says, then turns up the volume on the baseball game.
Dean takes my hand.
Honey, I mean this from the bottom of my heart.
Are you listening?
I nod.
You are, honest to God, the most intolerable person to live with when you arent working.
 _Please_ , dont spare my feelings.
And this guy volunteered to do that for four weeks.
So, either the sex is mind-blowing
It is.
Nope. Rory shakes his head, his eyes attached to the baseball game.
Just no.
Or, Dean continues, he likes you.
Either way, he says, gritting his teeth and pounding his fist against his other palm, he is _not_ abandoning us in our time of need.
I thought you werent supposed to have sex right now.
I turn to Rory and shrug.
Its a grey areamedically.
And its been too long, Dean adds.
I pull my knees up to my chest and sip my beer, grateful for the distraction of the television, even if it is baseball.
But Deans watching me.
I can see him in my periphery.
Estlyn, theres nothing to feel guilty about.
Michael would want you to be happy.
I clear my throat to trick the tears out of falling.
No Michael-talk.
Why not?
You really should after
Dean, I said no.
Rory turns the volume up on the television even more.
* Chapter 31 Chapter 31{{{1 # 31
### Michael
**Five Years Ago**
I scoop Dillon up in my arms to carry her down my grandparents driveway.
She doesnt drink often, and Im not sure shes ever been drunk before.
Tonight, though, she went at it hard.
But, hey, she unwound like she needed to, even if she did cross the line from tipsy to sloppy a couple of hours ago.
Her arms wrapped around my neck, I can smell the beer on her breath as she sucks my earlobe.
God, I want to fuck you so bad, she slurs.
Yeah, you took that getting-trashed idea to a whole nother level.
I cant wait till we get home.
Lets get in the back seat.
Hell, no.
Were not having sex in the car in front of my _grandmas_ house.
Then park somewhere else.
I set her feet on the sidewalk by the passenger door.
She drops limp from my arms and folds forward when she lands, decorating the cement with puke.
_Reason B were not having sex right now._
Ugh she moans, leaning her back against the car.
I feel like shit.
I know, baby. I wipe the vomit from her lip with my sleeve.
Lets get you home.
She gulps a gallon of air, then sobs, My dads going to die in a cell.
Oh, boy.
I should have told the police that day that she fell.
Or slipped.
Michael, its all my fault
I hold her close and steady her just enough to get her into the passenger seat, then crouch down so I can cup her face in my hands.
Dillon, none of this is your fault.
No matter what happens, you are guilty of none of it.
Do you understand?
Dillon? Her eyelids droop, and the hand that was holding my wrist drops to her lap.
I smile and kiss her forehead before I jog around the front of the car.
Were two blocks from home when red-and-blue lights flash in my rearview mirror.
Theres that sharp pain through my chest, that anxiety-like a vice around my lungs, as I pull to the curb.
I know to watch my speed here.
Theres an officer with a radar gun here every other day lately.
I couldnt have been going more than forty-five in the forty.
The cop climbs off his bulky motorcycle behind me toward my door.
Dillon stirs, and her eyelids flutter open when she sees the uniform.
She scoots upright at the sight.
The officer stoops to see us through the window.
License and registration.
I rest both hands on the steering wheel but dont reach for my glove box or my wallet.
I should have had those out already, but we wouldve had this conversation anyway.
Sir, I look him in the eyes as I say, I have a license to carry a firearm, and that firearm is in the car.
My pulse skips when his hand moves to his gun and grips his holster.
Where is it?
In the center console.
Okay, dont reach for it.
Yes, sir. I grip the steering wheel in compliance.
Get out of the car. When I start to move he adds, Slowly.
Yes, sir. My hands tremble as I pivot toward my seat-belt buckle.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see his gun rip from his holster as he shouts, Dont reach for it!
I said dont do it!
I try to put my hands back in the air, but they dont make it there.
My back slams against my seat like Ive been hit across the chest with a bat.
Its when I register the pop of the gun and feel the sting of the bullet that I know what happened.
All I can think of is Dillon.
My fingers release my seatbelt as Im smacked again, this time in the back, when I turn to cover Dillon.
Theres another crack and burn in my neck as I slump sideways onto her lap.
Im scared as shit that shes going to die because I chose to have a gun, because I thought wed be safer with it.
Im a fucking moron.
Im facing her when I roll to protect her, but my body doesnt cooperate.
I just need to know if shes hit.
If shes going to be safe.
My eyes make the journey to her face.
Shes scared sober.
Shes screaming.
Shes soaked in blood.
And I cant tell if its mine or hers.
_God, dont let it be hers._
The officer shouts behind me, Put your hands up! but his voice is drowning under the blurry sea of red Im sinking into.
Another crack.
Another sting in my shoulder.
Another scream from the chest in front of mine.
Choking on the hot sludge in my throat, I gasp, You hit?
Her eyes dont meet mine.
Theyre darting over my back and chest, then out the drivers window.
Im dizzy as she screams, Hes not going to shoot you, motherfucker!
Help!
I hear some mumbling about a bus behind me, then Dillon repeating, Baby, youre okay.
Youre okay.
Baby, youre okay.
I feel her hands on my neck, but I cant tell if I cant breathe because Im choking on blood or because shes putting pressure on the wound.
When one of her hands presses into the burning spot on my chest and the other into the one on my back, I realize Im drowning from within.
Hers is the last voice I hear as my static view fades to black.
Michael, I love you!
Dont you dare close your eyes!
Baby, youre okay.
Youre okay.
You will not leave me
* Chapter 32 Chapter 32{{{1 # 32
### Cal
Rory opens Estlyns door with one finger over his pursed lips.
The TV is on, so Im not sure why I have to be quiet until he points to Estlyn curled up on the chaise.
Asleep.
With the lion under her arm.
How the hell did you do that? I whisper as I hand him a plastic bag full of Chinese takeout.
Dean turns his head over his arm stretched over the back of the couch.
Like a toddler, he whispers.
Let her wear herself out, confine her to a designated sleeping space, andagainliquor.
Did you get a dozen vegetarian spring rolls?
Nodding, I hand him the other bag.
As soon as I ease quietly into the seat between him and Estlyn, Dean leans to my ear and asks, What happened with your ex?
I shake my head.
She asked if I wanted to move back in, I say, rolling my eyes.
His eyebrows wrinkle, his mouth widening to an _O_.
Shit.
Are you?
Is he joking?
Hell no.
Would I be here if I were moving back in with her?
He softly singsongs, I told Est you like her.
Estlyn stretches beside me.
Why didnt you wake me up for Chinese? she asks while trying to tame her smashed-down curls.
I love her big curls, the way she throws her hair over one side of her head because she has too much to tuck it behind her ear.
Hey, I breathe and lean to meet her lips.
She kisses me hard, twisting her fist in the chest of my shirt.
Her deep, espresso eyes soften when she pulls away.
Whatd you name him?
Who?
I pick up the little lion and shake it in front of her.
Oh, _she_ is Lioness.
Get it?
But female lions dont have manes.
What are you, a zoologist? Estlyn shoves my chest and reaches for a white paper box.
Thanks for buying dinner.
Oh, I didnt.
Im keeping receipts of all my expenses to turn into you for reimbursement.
She snickers and cuddles against me before digging into her orange chicken with chopsticks.
For a moment, I feel her muscles relax when I drape my arm around her.
The moment is all too brief, interrupted by pounding on the door.
* Chapter 33 Chapter 33{{{1 # 33
### Estlyn
**Five Years Ago**
> Death is emptiness.
>
> Its an empty apartment with his furniture, with his books and clothes.
>
> Its an empty kitchen that holds his favorite foods.
>
> Its an empty shower with soap Ill never breathe from his skin again.
>
> Its an empty bed with the covers thrown back, the way he left them.
>
> Its an empty embrace, cold where his arms used to surround me.
>
> Its an empty scream that cries to walls that echo but cant hear.
>
> Its an empty ache in my chest, hollow and raging to be filled.
>
> And I swear to God I will fill it.
There was no saving Michael.
I knew it when I felt the gushing wound in his neck.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldnt stop the bleeding.
All I could do was lie to him about it.
The ambulance arrived a minute after his heart beat its last.
And what a vain beat it was, the blood spilling out of his vessels into my hands and lap and seat.
Michael and I were the eye in the storm of flashing lights and shrieking sirens.
EMTs and police surrounded the car.
One of them opened the passenger door to the _alleged_ crime scene.
I didnt snap or shout when I told them all to fuck off, that he was gone, that they couldnt take what was left of him from me.
I was no threat to anyone.
The officer had already confiscated Michaels gun from the console, not that Michael or I had ever intended to use it.
My fingertips grazed his smooth cheek while it was still warm.
As the heat retreated from his skin, I fingered his fade, then twisted the short curls he promised Uncle Will hed buzz before law school.
I never wanted him to buzz them.
I kissed his forehead and his lips.
I told him I loved him, that everything would be okay.
I told him how full of butterflies I was when he sought me out after debate class to accuse me of cheating.
I told him Id had a crush on him for a couple of weeks by then and was thrilled Id finally gotten his attention.
I told him I was so glad hed brought an ice cream sandwich to my dorm last May.
I asked him what happened to it between the time I fell asleep and woke up.
I accused him of eating it, of liking peanut butter cookie and strawberry ice cream but being too much of a stubborn ass to admit it.
And every so often, Id repeat, Its all going to be okay, baby.
I love you, so its all going to be okay.
His parents arrived at the scene, calm and sober-hearted, shock keeping them from collapsing under the weight of their loss.
His mama stooped to the window to leave a kiss on his cool forehead.
She took my cheek in her handher skin a stark warm compared to Michaels.
Its time to let him go, baby girl.
I shook my head as the tears and snot cascaded down my face.
My arms cradled him to my chest as if my warmth could heat his body to life.
They couldnt take him away yet.
I hadnt told him everything.
What if he didnt know how much I loved him?
What if he didnt know the magnitude of his strength, of his patience and gentleness and understanding?
What if he didnt know that I couldnt breathe in a world where he didnt, in a world where he wasnt allowed to?
If this world has no air for him, it has none I can breathe either.
Dean, one of the few friends Ive made during the chaos of the last couple years, met me at the police station with an extra T-shirt of his own for me to change into.
Michaels blood had saturated my clothes and caked and cracked on my skin beneath them.
Dean lifted my shirt, heavy as chainmail, over my ashen face.
Numb, I glanced down at the only remnants of Michael I hadmaroon blood dried on my chest and abdomen.
My navel appeared scabbed where it had pooled and crusted as I held him.
My body woke from its stunned paralysis when Dean came at me with a wet paper towel.
I batted at him, wailing, Dont wash him away!
Dean tossed the paper towel in the trash can and helped me into his clean shirt.
He pulled me to him as I wept.
The thought that plagued me, that I couldnt push out, was how warm he felt.
Michael would never feel warm again.
Dean held me the same way in his bed that night, knowing I couldnt go home to that apartment without Michael.
The next morning, I woke up nauseated and starving and parched from the alcohol still in my body.
For sure, I thought, the night before had to have been a terrible dream.
The lights and gunshots and screams couldnt have happened.
Then I ran my hand over my stomach and felt Michaels blood clotted there.
It wouldnt matter if I stayed in bed or got up.
Every day would be this nightmare.
Im back in our apartment now.
For the last six weeks, Ive been lying on the couch at night instead of in bed.
The covers are collecting dust the way Michael left them strewn after he got up on his last morning.
Im careful to leave all of his things the way he did.
Ive only moved his clothes because I have to wear them; I have to smell whats left of him in them.
Today I have to dress in my own clothes.
I have to shower and shave and at least apply mascara.
But I refuse to tame my curls.
Some are loose, others coiled tight, all of them voluminous and pointing whatever direction they want to.
Theyre not smoothed down my back or contained in an updo like usual.
Theyre big all over my head, defying gravity the way only my natural hair can.
I will let them defy.
_I_ will defy.
I push through the doors of the courtroom that has become my fathers battlefield the last year.
My chin is held high as I face our defeat because, after all this, my dad and I still lost.
Hell, Michael and I lost, too.
Officer Monroe, who shot Michael four times in six seconds, faced a prosecutor, a grand jury, and me just a week after he killed him.
I testified to what I saw, heard, and experienced in those six seconds, but I couldnt say what had made Monroe fire his weapon.
Id been too intoxicated.
Officer Monroe was not indicted for homicide.
He went home to his family.
After six weeks of desk duty, he was put back out into Los Angeles with his gun and badge that gave him permission to pull over and detain and kill whomever he wanted.
As long, of course, as those facing the barrel of his gun looked like Michael.
My dad, on the other hand, was convicted of murder in the second degree, a felony with a minimum sentence of twenty-five years and a maximum of life.
Last time, he got life.
This time, he wont.
I stand to face the judge when Uncle Will gives me the okay.
My hands dont tremble.
They hold no paper with an unmemorized speech.
I know what I have to say, and Im confident I wont forget a single piece.
Because thats what happens when you lose everythingyou lose your fear, too.
Your Honor, thank you for giving me yet another chance to speak before you today.
The last few weeks have been the worst of my life, not just because I lost my father again or because my boyfriend was shot dead in my arms, but because Ive learned the truth about what it means to be human.
I have never been naive.
I have known that humanity varied in power, in wealth, and in opportunity.
But now I know that we also vary in worth.
The sincerity of our words, the morality of our actions, the rightness of our intentions are not measured by our character.
No I shake my head.
They are measured by the worth our fellow man assigns to us.
Your Honor, in the past six weeks I have learned my worth and the worth of those I love.
My father will return to jail because twenty-four people have now assigned a higher worth to the woman who tormented me than to the man who defended me.
My boyfriend died of four bullets to the chest and neck, but no one will face charges because a grand jury decided the one who killed him is worth more than he was.
I pull in my breath to steady myself at the word _was_ before I can start again.
Both their lives hold my voice in common.
I testified to the death of my mom, to the death of my boyfriend, to the worth of the killer and the killed, respectively.
I know now, Your Honor, that those who hear my voice turn the volume down in accordance with the worth they have assigned me.
With little worth, I hold little power.
And I have realized that power and empathy often have an inverse relationship.
With more power, one loses empathy toward those with less.
Your Honor, you and I can defy this norm. Tears prick my eyes, and my throat constricts.
Please, Your Honor, _we must_.
Your power far exceeds ours, but this doesnt mean your empathy for us has to dissolve.
Because, at the end of the day, you and my father are more alike than you are different.
Youre both brilliant men who love to read and need glasses to do so.
You both have children you cherish and would do anything to protect.
You both share those basic longings for love and respect and justice.
Youve both felt loneliness and the end of hope.
You both know what it is to lose.
And he has lost everything _twice_.
Please, Your Honor, remember that though society has given you a higher worth than him, you are both human.
So, I ask you to consider: if you were him, what sentence would you give yourself?
I let out a shallow breath and say, Thank you, Your Honor, before I return to my seat.
* Chapter 34 Chapter 34{{{1 # 34
### Cal
Mr. Hayes told me to not let Estlyn answer the door.
I wonder if the LAPD threatening to break it down is what he had in mind when he said that.
She bolts to stand, but I grab her arm.
I got it, I whisper as I push past her.
I swing open the door just as the officer again shouts, LAPD.
Open up! There arent one or two officers outside.
There is a SWAT team crowding the hallway.
My head snaps to Estlyn, whose shaking hands are raised above either side of her head.
Dillon Collins? the female officer in front asks.
Estlyns voice is small behind me.
Right here.
The officer behind her points a gun Estlyns way as the lady cop steps into the apartment with handcuffs.
Dillon Collins, you are under arrest for embezzlement of public funds. She pulls her hands, one by one, behind her back and reads Estlyn her rights.
Estlyn, surprisingly calm, yells over the chaos to Dean.
Call Bishop.
His cell number is in my tablet. As they lead her out the door, she adds, Dont be bitchy.
And just like that, shes gone.
The SWAT team charges in, guns drawn, and starts tearing through the apartment.
What the hell are they even looking for?
Deans ear is already to his phone when he yells, Excuse you!
Wheres your warrant?
Another officer drops an envelope on the coffee table and announces, For her apartment, car, emails, and electronics.
That tablet she mentioned?
Dean massages his forehead between his fingers and thumb as he murmurs, Fuck.
Its at my place.
One of our officers will take you to get it.
And now Deans gone.
A cop is questioning Rory in the kitchen, and hes sweating.
A lot.
Okay, what the fuck are they busting her for?
She stole something?
That doesnt make her dangerous.
Whats with the SWAT team?
Sir?
I turn to see the warrant-dropping officer ushering me to the door.
In the hallway, he asks, Whats your name?
I take a breath and comb my hair back with shaky fingers before answering, Linus Calloway.
And how do you know Ms. Collins?
I met her last week at a barBentleys Dive.
I work there.
She was a customer.
And do you know what she does for a living?
Some kind of lawyer, but she didnt tell me anything beyond that.
Does the name After Twelve mean anything to you?
No.
Nothing.
What about this? She holds up a white business card with a black _(12)_ printed on one side.
Yeah.
Thats her business card.
Does the name Theodore or Ted Monroe ring a bell?
No.
What about Michael Bishop?
Well, Estlyn just said Bishop.
Is that her lawyer?
Has she ever hired you as an independent contractor?
What?
No, Im a screenwriter.
What would she hire me to do?
Go inside and collect your things. I nod and head for the door just as Rory exits in handcuffs.
* Chapter 35 Chapter 35{{{1 # 35
### Estlyn
Getting arrested is like having an orgasm, but not as fun.
Actually, its not fun at all, but they have more in common than meets the eye.
Theres all this buildup before each.
Is it going to happen now?
_Nope._
Then another intense moment sneaks up on me and I think it might happen, but
_No, again._
Then
_Finally,_ it happens.
The mystery of _when_ is solved, and theres lots of chaos and mess and sometimes screaming, but afterward theres relief.
I wasnt expecting to feel this relaxed, this calm when they pushed me into the back of the police car.
Sure, Im caught.
Ill probably have to spend the prime of my life behind bars like a dangerous animal.
But, hey, I took Monroe down with me.
And Rory.
I know they arrested him.
The cop imploring me to waive my Fifth-Amendment right is about to burst a vein trying to convince me that Rory is ratting me out.
God, I hope he is.
_Take the fucking deal, Rory._ Always take the deal.
What no officer has explained is how the LAPD caught us.
My guess: Monroe presented his list of suspects to a friend on the force after I rejected him.
From there, it didnt take them long to narrow down means, motive, opportunity, and that essential _fuck the police, I got nuttin to lose_ attitude required to commit such a stupid crime.
Of course, that ruled out all of Michaels upper-class, law-abiding family and left the mad-as-hell foster kid and her orphaned, computer geek of a teenage brother.
And, sure, its possible they have insufficient evidence against us, in which case I could stay silent until arraignment, where Ill call their bluff.
But that still wont stop Monroe from taking recompense into his own hands.
Beyond a reasonable doubt or not, he believes Rory and I are the ones who wronged him.
Right now, theyre leaving me alone to stew, which is the best they can do because I havent said one word since I got here.
When a suit stands in front of the door window, I assume its Bishop.
I feel awful for getting him out of bed or, possibly, out of the office.
Lets be realthe office.
He could have waited until tomorrow.
Its not like I sleep at home.
A cot in a cell is fine for the night.
But he isnt the suit that walks through the door.
* Chapter 36 Chapter 36{{{1 # 36
### Estlyn
**Five Years Ago**
I reinforce the twelfth box of books with packing tape before looking for a new box to fill.
When Michael and I moved into this apartment, we realized we were both book hoardersme of fiction and poetry, him of philosophy and history.
We filled the one floor-to-almost-ceiling bookcase we purchased within the first hour of unpacking.
Then we looked at each other, at the shelves bowing under the weight of our collection, then at the handful of boxes of books left to find a home in our apartment.
Without a word, he grabbed his wallet, tossed me my keys, and we headed to IKEA for another bookcase.
Rory is taking apart that second bookcase now.
Michaels parents and brothers are packing up the kitchen and living room, taking carloads to their house, where Ill stay my senior year.
Id say Im moving in with them because they are closer to campus than my parents, but Im not.
Im moving in with them because they lost who I did.
Im moving in with them because they understand something that my parents wont, even when they try.
Im moving in with them because Michaels mama holds me when I cry over an unwashed shirt that still smells like him, and she doesnt ask me to explain a thing.
Im too damn worn out to explain myself.
His family knows I cant handle the media coverage, or lack thereof.
They understand why I threw my phone when I read the article quoting the one black guy who supported Monroe walking free after killing Michael.
My parents lost me when they told me _: try to understand how scared the officer was for his life.
He thought he was pulling a gun on him.
It was an honest mistake._
What about how scared Michael was for his?
How scared we all are?
Would it have been an honest mistake if Michael had shot Officer Monroe four times?
Because I can assure them, Michael was more scared for his life than Monroe was for his.
And no one would have excused that _honest mistake_.
Officer Monroe will never convince me that he was truthful in his Internal Affairs interview.
I wont believe that he thought his life was in danger, that Michael would have his gun out to shoot him before he did.
I dont buy his explanation of why he chose to shoot instead use a taser at such close range.
He can present his argument for why he thought Michaels life should have ended that second, but Monroe and I both know its a line of reasoning he invented after the fact.
Because there was no reasoning that night.
There was only fear.
Fear.
Its how all of us justify what happened at that traffic stop.
But fear and reason cant overlap.
Fear isnt higher-level thinking.
It isnt logical.
Its primal.
Its a response so basic, every animal has it.
And crucially, its the fire that tests the deepest beliefs, reveals the truest character of the human species.
Not that fear is wrong.
It isnt something to blame anyone for.
Just like anger or jealousy or sadness, it springs forth from a place in the mind no one can control.
But anger doesnt excuse violence.
Jealousy doesnt excuse abuse.
Sadness doesnt excuse self-destruction.
And fear will never excuse the four bullets that killed Michael.
_So, yes, Mom and Dad, I do understand._ I understand more than they do because they wont stare down their own fear long enough to crush it.
Because theyre too ashamed to admit their fear of men like Michael, men like my dad, men whose skin is darker than their daughters.
They shouldnt be ashamed that theyre afraid.
They should be ashamed for pretending they arent.
Rorys here because he gets it.
Maybe because hes known me longer, or maybe because theres something about going through foster care that changes your idea of justice and what you have to do to get it.
So when I told him my plan to put Monroe in prison for a lesser felony, he was eager to help.
Or flaunt his computer-hacking skills with the challenge of breaking into the LAPDs system.
Its a coin toss.
Either way, Monroe was indicted this time for embezzling money from the force.
_The justice system, motherfuckers._
Im halfway done packing up the first bookshelf when I finally get to Michaels textbooksalmost all of which he refused to rent, then refused to part with when his course ended.
I pull out an LSAT study guide.
The binding is falling apart, the corners of the pages are frayed and fanned.
I flip through it, trying to understand why Michael would keep it after he got a 174 on the exam, after UCLA accepted him.
In the margin above the introduction section is a paragraph in his handwriting.
My heart halts when I see its addressed to me.
* * *
_Dillon,_
_I knew youd come around.
Id say Im not one for I told you so, but I absolutely am.
I told you so.
Youre going to make an incredible lawyer.
I knew it that day in debate class, and these past couple years have confirmed that you are great at arguing and seem to enjoy it (at least with me).
Youll also probably score higher than I did on the LSAT because youre an obnoxious one-upper._
_You remember how hard studying for the LSAT and applying for school was for me.
Well, for both of us.
Its draining and frustrating and like swimming through Jell-O some days.
But you must keep at it.
You must keep going.
The world needs someone as brilliant and passionate as you to fight for them.
Ill be here for you on the days you triumph and on those you feel like giving up._
_I love you, baby._
_Michael_
_Ps.
All persons ought to endeavor to follow what is right, and not what is established. Aristotle.
Enough said._
My eyes shut as I finger the indents his words left on the page.
His hand wrote these.
His mind thought these.
His heart pressed them here for me.
_Ill be here for you._
I gather the rest of the LSAT study aids from the shelf and stack them beside me before I continue loading up the box with textbooks.
He will be here.
* Chapter 37 Chapter 37{{{1 # 37
### Estlyn
Well, well, if it isnt the hypocrite DDA in the flesh, Rafael Ramirez, walking into my interrogation room.
To refresh, he referred Ms. Sanchez to me when he failed to get justice for Mia in the Taylor East case.
And now, hes my prosecutor.
In jail or not, its always nice to look down on others from the moral high ground.
Ms.
Collins, its a pleasure. He offers his hand and a warm smile.
I lift my wrists, cuffed to the table, in response.
He sucks in an appalled breath, then yells out the door, Sergeant Jackson, why the hell is Ms. Collins cuffed?
Give me the key! Ramirez shakes his head with apparent disgust as he unlocks my handcuffs.
He pulls the chair across from me out from the table and sits.
I apologize for that.
Are you hungry?
Thirsty?
I relax my freed hands in my lap and give him no reply.
Your attorney is on his way, but I was hoping we could have a little chat, Bruin to Bruin, before he gets here.
_Oh, sure, since you went to the same law school I did, by all means, let me incriminate myself._ Reclining in my chair, I cross my arms over my chest.
In my office.
No cuffs.
No police.
I raise my eyebrow before I break my silence.
No charges?
Grinning, he folds his hands on the table.
Depends how our chat goes.
What the hell is this?
Does he want me to fuck him or something?
He should be so lucky.
Although, Id probably fuck him if it meant Rory didnt have to go to jail.
Not because Im a whore, because Im a good sister.
Never mind.
Just no fucking.
There are a million other ways to get Rory out of this, and when I finally think of one, Ill go that direction instead.
Id love to, I simper, but Id appreciate a third party.
Wouldnt want to give anyone the wrong impression, now, would we?
Of course. Ramirez stands, opens the door, and waits patiently for me to let myself out.
His hand steering my arm, we walk toward the door with the red exit light above it.
I steal a glimpse into the other interrogation room.
Its empty.
Without objection from a single officer, the DDA leads me through the lobby and out the front door, where a black SUV is waiting.
The driver opens the back-seat door for us and helps me step up into the vehicle.
I doubt we drive more than a mile to Ramirezs office building, which, despite the power hes attempting to exude, is unimpressive at best.
When we arrive at his office, a pantsuited woman and a man I immediately recognize as the Los Angeles District Attorney, Gavin Young, are waiting for us.
Suddenly, I feel underdressed in my sweats and cropped tee.
Hey, is it my fault I didnt know I was going to be arrested late at night and taken to some hostage-style meeting with LAs elite prosecutors?
Gavin Young.
Wonderful to meet you, Ms. Collins, Young says as he extends his hand to me.
Do you prefer Dillon or Estlyn?
Or is it Zoe?
Ha!
Ramirez was eavesdropping on my meeting with Sanchez.
Ill pat myself on the back later.
Estlyn is fine.
The woman beside him introduces herself as Emerson Brammer.
Thats all.
No title.
No context.
Ramirez pulls a seat in front of the desk out for me.
Thats when I finally notice that we arent in his office, but in Youngs.
The DA sits and starts, Please forgive the show of force tonight.
Believe me when I say I wish this could have been handled any other way. He kicks his feet onto his desk and folds his hands over his gut.
Ramirez spoke highly of you, said the clients he sent your way were always pleased with your results.
_Clients?_ Plural?
And, when you got us another shot at Taylor East within a month of his acquittal, Emmy convinced me it was time to pull the trigger.
_Whos Emmy?_
Ladysuit chimes in, As Im sure youre aware, Young was nominated for governor in the primaries last week.
Congratulations. Sure, Im above fucking, but Im not above ass-kissing.
Ladysuit again, We want to hire After Twelve to work the campaign.
More specifically, to make the poll numbers of Youngs opponent, Alec Sellards, take a nosedive.
We would have reached out via email, but, lets face it, no one wants a paper trail.
_Speak for yourself._ God knows Id love a paper trail of leverage against the Los Angeles DA.
If you get us in touch with your boss, Ladysuit concludes, wed be much obliged.
And, Young adds, if Samson agrees to work for us, I can make those little embezzlement charges disappear.
For you and, of course, Rory.
I blow out my breath as my eyes scan each of their faces.
How much do yall know about Samson?
Young and Brammer turn to Ramirez, who kicks his foot from his opposite knee to the floor.
He straightens up and starts, Samson is an alias, obviously.
_Ha._ Obviously: a word uncertain people use to bolster the credibility of their bullshit.
With the type of connections he appears to have, Ramirez goes on, weve deduced that hes a high-ranking law enforcement officerprobably a captain, likely in the LAPD.
Okay. I nod.
You should know that Samson is effective to be sure, but hes also I tilt my head from shoulder to shoulder while I decide how to continue, volatile.
An arsonist and a mass murderer.
Oh, and he has no qualms about killing with his bare hands or bludgeoning a man to death.
Shall I go on?
The inferiors look to Young.
He responds with a hesitant nod.
He also died thousands of years ago in a murder-suicide.
Youngs eyebrow raises.
Excuse me?
He was a judge in the Bible.
And a muse for Jeff Buckley.
The _badass_ of ancient revenge, dont you think?
Suddenly sweating, Ramirez confirms, So there is no Samson.
With both index fingers, I point to myself.
Nice to meet you.
And yes, I would like to take your case if we can agree to a few terms.
Hold on, Young interrupts, who do you work for, then?
Bitch, you think I need a boss? Apparently, thats my breaking point.
Or two seconds ago, to be more precise.
Terms, Brammer jumps in to de-escalate the rising tension.
What did you have in mind?
First, yes, you _will_ expunge my record and Rorys.
You will also make a public statement saying that Ted Monroe was not framed and that the alleged embezzlement was part of an undercover operation.
Because of lack of interdepartmental communication, an error occurred that wrongfully incriminated him.
You will also restore his full pension, whatever he would have gotten had he worked until retirement and not been arrested.
But you _will not_ give him his job back.
Young puts his hands out to stop me.
Thats absurd.
Youre asking us to make the LAPD look _completely_ incompetent.
Im asking you to protect your asset, I say as I gesture to myself.
Monroe is desperate to avenge himself.
Give him the justice he doesnt deserve.
That should satisfy him enough to get him to back off.
Fine.
Well keep you safe from Monroe.
Now, Young says as he passes me a document, we have this NDA
I hold up a finger.
Im not finished.
He sets the thick document in front of him and listens.
I usually require a fifty-percent deposit up-front, but since this case will span the next five months, Im willing to accept a retainer and bill by the hour instead.
Young smirks and sneaks a reaffirming glance at Ramirez.
Ms.
Collins, my campaign is not going to pay you.
I shrug.
Your personal funds will suffice.
The LAPD is in the process of seizing all of your assets.
Your apartment is currently being torn apart by a dozen officers.
Your car was impounded this evening.
And, he grins through his patronizing tone, lets not forget the delicate position you and your brother are in.
Now, wed be happy to return all of your belongings and your home with your cooperation.
Oh I flip my black curls to my right shoulder then cross my arms, so you want to en _slave_ me.
And if I refuse, youre going to incarcerate me. Young and I stare each other down.
_Thats right.
Answer that, motherfucker._
You understand that we cant justify this as campaign spending.
With all due respect, sir, you can justify it as legal counsel.
I will be compensated.
Fifty an hour.
You pay your nanny more than that.
Certainly, you care more about this campaign than your children.
Fifty an hour or four years in prison and a felony on your record.
Your choice.
Two-fifty. I can make rent with that fee.
He huffs.
Emmy, include Ms. Collinss terms in her contract. Brammer nods and taps on her phone.
_Oh_ , Emmy.
Like Emerson.
So, theyre sleeping together.
Young hands that nondisclosure my way again.
This time I skim and sign it.
It includes a line that states I cannot even admit to signing a gag order.
I get it.
This meeting and all subsequent ones did not and will not happen.
And heres your phone, Young says as I exchange the NDA for a burner.
We will contact you on this to schedule our first meeting.
Do my brother and I get to go home now?
Young nods, and _Emmy_ walks me to the door.
Ill show you to the car.
Would you like us to pick your brother up from the station?
Yes. My feet straddle the threshold before I spin around.
Mr.
Young?
He buttons his coat and nods for me to continue.
When I get you elected governor, youre going pardon an inmate named Alexander Hayes.
Hes fourteen years into a twenty-five-year sentence at the state prison in Lancaster for a crime he didnt commit.
Ms.
Collins, I cant just hand out a Get Out of Jail Free card without at least looking into his case first.
I let out an audible sigh.
What a shame.
I wanted to give you a one-hundred- percent chance at winning, but
Waive your fee, and Ill do it, no questions asked.
I dont need any time to think.
Deal.
* Chapter 38 Chapter 38{{{1 # 38
### Estlyn
**Five Years Ago**
Of course, I speak into the phone.
This is my second week working Michaels old internship at Bishop and Colburn, and holy shit, theres a steep learning curve.
Im just a lowly intern, running copies and answering the phone, but its like high-stakes running copies and answering the phone.
Ill have him call you as soon as hes available.
Stephen Colburn, Uncle Wills partner, walks through the door, passing my desk on the way to his office.
He doesnt ask me how Im doing like he usually does.
He doesnt even acknowledge me.
He looks wounded, like hes returning from a battle he lost.
Mr.
Colburn, I was about to run out to get lunch.
Can I get you anything?
He drops his bag on the floor and flops back onto the leather couch in our reception area.
A beer.
Or several.
Is he serious?
Because Im twenty and its noon on a Tuesday.
Im not sure how Im supposed to go buy a case of beer without a fake ID.
Which I dont have.
He cracks just enough of a smirk for me to know hes joking.
Lucilles.
Ribs, garlic mashed potatoes, sweet tea.
Nodding, I jot down his order on a sticky note.
They convicted him. He sighs and throws his tie to the side of his chest.
Jordan Rahal.
Oh. I know Rahalthe Syrian immigrant accused of breaking into a womans apartment and raping her while wearing a condom, gloves, and a mask.
DNA couldnt place him there.
Only his cells GPS could.
But he also worked in the shop at the bottom of the apartment complex.
Circumstantial shit.
Not to mention there were other cases of rapes with the same pattern that our client couldnt have committed.
Im sorry.
I told him not to take the plea deal.
I told him Id get him out of it.
Theyre almost never innocent.
But this guy this guy was.
Yeah, I sigh, I know how that goes.
Anyway, I need you to update his file, please.
Of course.
He stands and picks his bag off the floor.
After ribs.
Ribs are your first priority.
I smile.
Yes, sir.
I glimpse the database on my computer as I grab my purse from the back of my chair, then stoop to add a note in Rahals file to remind me to close it out.
But I cant.
Because his case isnt closed.
He didnt get justice.
Justice is supposed to be blind, but those jurors werent.
I cant imagine they overlooked his olive skin, that color we associate with bombings and hijackings.
I would wager good money they heard silent alarms in their minds when they saw his emails typed in Arabic and heard the accents of his wife and children.
If justice were really blind, Mr. Rahal would be free.
If she were blind, my dad would be, too.
And Michael would be working here instead of me.
Before I can consider what Im doing, I scribble his wifes phone number on the sticky note with Colburns lunch order.
Once Im in my car, I dial the number and hit the call icon.
It goes to voicemail.
I glance at the book of E. E. Cummings poetry in my passenger seat right before the tone cues me to leave my message.
Hi, Mrs. Rahal.
My name is Estlyn.
Im part of an organization called
Whats a good name?
Why the hell did I call her before I had a plan?
Maybe _After_ ?
Okay, _After_ something.
_After_ justice fails?
_After_ twelve people failed to give her husband the verdict he deserved?
After Twelve.
We work to get justice for those who couldnt find it in the court system.
If youre interested in our services, give me a call at this number.
On my way back to the office, Mrs. Rahals number lights up my phone.
* Chapter 39 Chapter 39{{{1 # 39
### Cal
Last call will be any minute now, and last call means I have to go lie awake on Elliots couch.
I didnt go straight to his place from Estlyns because I didnt want to hear about how shitty my taste in women is.
Instead, Im at the Dive, my cheek flat on my crossed arms, ignoring the girl whos been trying to talk to me for the last hour.
_Fuck off, sexy serial killer._ _Or bank robber.
Or Lecter-esque skin collector.
Ive had enough crazy._
My elbow zings when my phone buzzes the table beneath it.
I lift my head to see Estlyns number.
I shouldnt answer, but my fingers do before I can stop them.
Hello?
Linus!
Hey, Im so sorry about earlier.
No, thats okay. Except it _so_ is not.
It was a mistake.
They let us go.
Really?
Do innocent people put their hands up when the cops knock on their door?
She looked guilty as sin to me.
I know it looked bad, but do you remember hearing about the police shooting five years ago?
Michael Bishop, the guy in his car that that Officer Monroe gunned down?
Can she read my mind?
No, I dont remember that.
But the cops asked me if I knew those names tonight.
Well, I was in the car when Monroe shot Michael.
So, I
Shit, Est, Im so sorry.
Its fine, she snaps.
Okay, apparently thats a touchy subject.
Just wanted to explain why I was so quick to give myself up.
There arent a lot of options when a cop points a gun at you, right?
Yeah.
Anyway, Im home now.
Its a disaster, but Im home.
God, Im so relieved.
Rorys home, too?
Yeah.
A long pause lingers between us.
I was supposed to stay with her tonight.
Is she going to invite me?
Or do I need to invite myself?
Can I
Do you we both start.
She snickers.
You go.
Oh, just wanted to know if I should come back.
Linus, who else is going to clean up this mess?
I grin like an idiot and answer, Ill add it to your bill.
See you in ten.
Thanks, Linus.
!
[](images/image-11780417_518521098300261_1225406768_n.jpg)
Estlyn collapsed into bed around four this morning.
Its one oclock now, and, as far as I know, she hasnt moved from her stomach or her drool pool once.
I woke up at ten and have checked her pulse three times since.
Shes still alive, just sleeping for real for once.
I placed Lioness on the pillow in front of her face so Estlyn will have company when she wakes up.
After the chaos of last night, Ive taken the morning (midday?)
to chill on the balcony with one of the books Estlyn bought.
Ive just found out that the crazy girlfriend of the teenage murderer is pregnant when my phone buzzes with a text from Elliot:
_Your dads an asshole._
Thats not news to me, but okay.
I open the link to some Hollywood gossip article Elliot included.
Its title:  _Calloway_ _Denies_ _Allegations_ _of_ _Sexual_ _Misconduct_. All I can think is how uncreative that title is.
But, this power abuse happens so often, those poor journalists probably get just as tired of it all as we do.
I can picture the editor saying, _Ah, fuck it, that bland title is fine.
Its not like we can write Calloway is a Lying Prick of a Man-Whore without getting hit with a defamation suit._
Anyway, the article reads:
_Ron Calloway finally breaks his silence after actress Erin Kennedy accused him of coercing her to have sex with him in exchange for a role on his series When We Fall.
Calloway responded Friday, unilaterally denying Kennedys claims.
Yes, Erin and I did have a sexual relationship, he said in a statement through his lawyer, but it was consensual.
She has long been a friend of my family, and it is unthinkable that I would abuse my power to hurt someone so dear to me. Calloway went on to try to discredit Kennedys claims, saying he was the victim of blackmail.
The day before Erins story broke, Zoe Whitaker from After Twelve tried to extort me into firing Taylor East.
When I refused, Whitaker messaged me, Enjoy the TMZ headline with your name in it._
_After Twelve is an underground, revenge-for-hire service.
However, claims of its existence have yet to be substantiated._
Holy shit.
I step back into the apartment and find my wallet on the kitchen counter.
The business card Estlyn left on the bar the night we met is still in here.
I pull it out to see the printed _(12)_ surrounded by the E. E. Cummings lines she wrote.
I flip it over to find the email address on the back: _samson@aftertwelve.com_.
The events of the last couple of weeks fall together like pieces of a puzzle.
I slept with Estlyn.
Dean approached Erin for a story about my dad a day or two after.
The story that Estlyn told Dean to pursue.
The story about my ex and my dad.
Estlyn didnt pick some guy up at a bar.
She picked up leverage.
I look through the open bedroom door at Estlyn, lost in peaceful slumber.
_Manipulative.
Little.
Bitch._
* Acknowledgments Acknowledgments{{{1 # Acknowledgments
This series would have never had happened without my husband.
Thank you, E, for picking me up when I fell down, for saying, "Obviously, people would read that," when I pitched you the idea of a female lead who ruined people's lives for a living, for listening to my "Wah, wah, I'll never write again," and loving me anyway.
My MoFos.
Whitney, between you and me, I believe your word over all the others.
Stacey, we both know I'm too insecure to write without your constant affirmation.
Therefore, you're basically responsible for all my books.
Sarah, thank you for reading while feeding your baby in the middle of the night and doing all my amazing graphics.
You're a super hero.
Lizzie, thank you for saying, "Yeah, white girl, you can't write that," after reading parts of my book.
Also, make sure I'm on Cameron's list for when you and E die.
On that note, Cameron, Kaylie, and Lizzie, thank you for answering all my insensitive questions about being black in the United States.
Thank you for recommending books, documentaries, podcasts, and telling me about black girl hair.
I couldn't have written this without you!
Michelle Alexander, you don't know me, but your book, _The New Jim Crow_ , changed how I read the news, think and talk about race, and watch TV.
I hope I get to meet you some day.
For your sake, I hope I don't because I'm pretty weird when I fan girl over people.
To my girls at CTP, thank you for taking on this series of mine.
I love working with you all!
Last, I'm grateful for God's grace.
I'm not sure why you've given the opportunity to have my dream job, but thank you.
* About the Author About the Author{{{1 # About the Author
!
[Author Picture](images/head-shot.jpg)
Growing up with poor reading comprehension, Laney Wylde avoided books at all costs.
But after reading Francine Rivers Redeeming Love for the first time in high school, she fell in love with literature.
It was then she realized broken anti-heroines and impossible love stories were the stuff of heart-wrenching, binge-worthy novels.
Afraid her slow reading pace and lack of writing skill would inhibit her from becoming a successful English major, Laney pursued her B.S.
in Mathematics from Biola University, graduating in 2014.
Laney gathered the courage to write honestly and diligently in 2017, producing Never Touched, a passion project that sheds light on the uphill battle that is healing from sexual abuse.
She lives in Southern California with her dashing husband and precocious little boy.
[!
[Facebook](images/social-facebook-screen.png) Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/laneyawylde)
[!
[Twitter](images/social-twitter-screen.png) Twitter](https://twitter.com/LaneyWylde)
[!
[Instagram](images/social-instagram-screen.png) Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/laneywylde)
[!
[Pinterest](images/social-pinterest-screen.png) Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/laneywylde)
[!
[BookBub](images/social-bookbub-screen.png) BookBub](https://www.bookbub.com/profile/laney-wylde)
[!
[Goodreads](images/social-goodreads-screen.png) Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/17741145.Laney_Wylde)
* Afterword Afterword{{{1 Thank you for reading _If She Were Blind_ ; I hope you enjoyed my book!
Want to be the first to know when I release new books?
Here are some ways to stay updated:
* Sign up for my [email list](https://laneywylde.com/contact/) so you can find out about new releases.
* Like my [Facebook](http://facebook.com/laneyawylde) page.
* Visit my website: <https://laneywylde.com/>
If you loved _If She Were Blind_ , please tell your friends about my book and consider [leaving a review](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/if-she- were-blind/).
Reviews are like potato chips; you can't ever have enough of them; thanks for reading my book!"
~Laney Wylde
* Also by Laney Wylde Also by Laney Wylde{{{1 # Also by Laney Wylde
[Never Touched](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/never-touched/)
### The After Twelve Series
[If She Were Blind](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/if-she-were- blind/)
[If She Plays His Game](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/if-she- plays-his-game/)
[If Hes Watching](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/if-hes- watching/)
* Never Touched Never Touched{{{1 [ !
[Never Touched Cover](images/ebook---never-touched.jpg) ](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/never-touched/)
What if you woke up from your worst nightmare, only to find the world watching it?
On repeat _._ With relish.
What if those viewers found you?
Cornered you until you performed the nightmare live?
Would you run?
Fight?
Or charge admittance?
This is Sawyer's reality.
She's a survivorgritty and determinedbut the struggle to put it all behind her is something that's with her every second of every day.
Her abuser is in jail now, but he'll never truly let her go.
When she tries to shelter in something good, the darkness inevitably follows.
The effects of the abuse flow through her life like ripples of pain in this raw, at times darkly comedic, coming-of-age saga that explores what it means to survive the unthinkableand find the courage to rise up and keep fighting.
Sure to satisfy fans of SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK and 13 REASONS WHY, _Never Touched_ is a New Adult contemporary drama by breakout author Laney Wylde.
Richly written with complex characters and a compelling storyline, it's perfect for fans of Colleen Hoover's HOPELESS, Rebecca Donovan's REASON TO BREATHE, and Jessica Sorensen's THE COINCIDENCE OF CALLIE  & KAYDEN.
_Please_ _Note: Story contains graphic sexual content, including mentions of abuse.
Strong language throughout._
[Get your copy today!
](http://www.crimsontreepublishing.com/books/never- touched/)* Prologue Prologue{{{1 # Prologue
Its funny the way a kiss stays with you.
How it lingers.
How you can feel it long after it ends.
I understand what amputees mean when they speak of phantom limbs.
Its there, but it isnt.
You know it isnt.
But you feel its still with you.
While I was in prison, my wife divorced me; I thought she was with me, but she wasnt.
She said I destroyed our marriage in a moment of rage in a search for some kind of perverted justice.
I didnt think it was perverted, but I didnt blame her for the divorce.
But enough sad stuff.
Yesterday I left the smells and perversions of men, and, wearing the same clothes I had worn the last day of my trial, reentered the world of three-dimensional women and meals you choose for yourself; things I used to take for granted, but dont any longer.
My old suit fit looser and had a musty smell, but nothing could be bad on a cons first day of freedom.
I tilted my head back and inhaled.
Free air smelled different, felt different tossing my hair and puffing my shirt.
I had no excuses.
I had been guilty.
I knew that.
The jury knew that.
The city knew that.
The whole damn country knew.
I had shot the guy in front of the TV cameras, emptied my gun into him.
He had raped and killed a woman, then killed her three children for having walked in during his deed.
The homicide team of Kile and Fidgery had found the evidence that linked the man I killed to the crime.
Sergeant Matthew Kile, that was me, still is me, only now theres no _Sergeant_ in front of my name, and my then partner, Detective Terrence Fidgery.
We arrested the scum, and he readily confessed.
The judge ruled our search illegal and all that followed bad fruit, which included the thugs confession.
Cute words for giving a rapist-killer a get- out-of-jail-free card.
In chambers the judge had wrung his hands while saying, I have to let him walk. Judges talk about their rules of evidence as though they had replaced the rules about right and wrong.
Justice isnt about guilt and innocence, not anymore.
Over time, criminal trials had become a game for wins and losses between district attorneys and the mouthpieces for the accused.
Heavy wins get defense attorneys bigger fees.
For district attorneys, wins mean advancement into higher office and maybe even a political career.
They should take the robes away from the judges and make them wear striped shirts like referees in other sports.
On the courthouse steps, the news hounds had surrounded the rapist-killer like he was a movie star.
Fame or infamy can make you a celebrity, and America treats celebrity like virtue.
I still see the womans husband, the father of the dead children, stepping out from the crowd, standing there looking at the man who had murdered his family, palpable fury filling his eyes.
His body pulsing from the strain of controlled rage that was fraying around the edges, ready to explode.
The justice system had failed him, and because we all rely on it, failed us all.
Because I had been the arresting officer, I had also failed him.
The thug spit on the father and punched him, knocking him down onto the dirty- white marble stairs; he rolled all the way to the bottom, stopping on the sidewalk.
The police arrested the man we all knew to be a murderer, charging him with assault and battery.
The thug laughed.
Ill plead to assault, he boasted.
Is this a great country or what?
At that moment, without a conscious decision to do so, I drew my service revolver and fired until my gun emptied.
The lowlife went down.
The sentence he deserved, delivered.
The district attorney tried me for murder-two.
The same judge who had let the thug walk gave me seven years.
Three months after my incarceration, the surviving husband and father, a wealthy business owner, funded a public opinion poll that showed more than eighty percent of the people felt the judge was wrong, with an excess of two-thirds thinking I did right.
All I knew was the world was better off without that piece of shit, and people who would have been damaged in the future had this guy lived, would now be safe.
That was enough; it had to be.
A big reward offered by the husband/father eventually found a witness who had bought a womans Rolex from the man I killed.
The Rolex had belonged to the murdered woman.
Eventually, the father convinced the governor to grant me what is technically known in California as a Certificate of Rehabilitation and Pardon.
My time served, four years.
While in prison I had started writing mysteries, something I had always wanted to do, I finally had the time to do.
During my second year inside, I secured a literary agent and a publisher.
I guessed, they figured that stories written by a former homicide cop and convicted murderer would sell.
My literary agent had wanted to meet me at the gate, but I said no.
After walking far enough to put the prison out of sight, I paid a cabbie part of the modest advance on my first novel to drive me to Long Beach, California.
I told the hack not to talk to me during the drive.
He probably thought that a bit odd, but that was his concern, not mine.
If I had wanted to gab, I would have let my literary agent meet me.
This trip was about looking out a window without bars, about being able to close my eyes without first checking to see who was nearby.
In short, I wanted to quietly absorb the subtleties of freedom regained.
* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 # Chapter 1
Six Years Later:
I was about to walk out my door to have breakfast with the tempting Clarice Talmadge and her septuagenarian husband, Garson Talmadge, without knowing Garson would be skipping breakfasts forever, not to mention lunches and dinners.
The Talmadges lived on my floor, at the end of the hall in a twenty- five hundred square foot condo on the corner of the building with a balcony overlooking the white sand shoreline of Long Beach, California.
Then my phone rang.
It was Clarice, but she hadnt called to ask how I liked my eggs.
The cops were with her and they hadnt been invited for breakfast.
A uniformed officer halted me at the door to the Talmadge condo.
My names Matt Kile, I said, I was asked to come down
The saxophone voice of Detective Sergeant Terrence Fidgery interrupted, Let im in.
For seven years before my incarceration Fidge and I had worked homicides together for the Long Beach police department.
Fidge was a solid detective, content with his work, a man who appeared to need nothing else.
Well, perhaps a diet-and-exercise program, but Fidge was a man who would do anything to stay in shape except eat right, exercise, and drink less beer.
I left the force ten years ago, but stayed in touch with Fidge and his wife, Brenda, whose pot always held enough for one more plate.
I often sought out Fidge for his take on the first draft of my mystery novels.
The master bedroom where Garson Talmadge slept alone was immediately inside to the right.
His door partially open.
I could see Garson on the bed, his arm in an uncomfortable position he could no longer feel.
Through the doorway I saw Clarice standing in the middle of the living room, clutching her little Chihuahua to her bosom, her wet eyes pleading for help.
I envied the pooch.
I put my open palm straight out toward her so she would not come to me, then my finger to my lips signaling her to stay quiet.
Ill be with you in a minute Matthew, Fidge hollered from somewhere deeper into the condo.
I waited in the foyer while the police photographer finished shooting Garsons bedroom.
A liquid had been spilled or thrown against the bedroom door.
I touched the wet carpet and smelled my fingers.
Coffee.
With cream, I thought.
The photographer came out of Garsons bedroom.
I couldnt place his name, but Id seen him around.
We exchanged nods as we passed in the doorway.
Sometimes you strain so hard listening for the quietest of sounds that you dont hear the loudest.
The shot that had hit my neighbor just above the bridge of his nose had come so fast that before he consciously heard it, he had stopped hearing everything.
The edge of Garsons bedcovers was pulled back exposing a foot too white to be a living foot.
A modest amount of dried blood soaked Garsons pillowcase, and stippling surrounded the entry wound.
My elderly neighbor had taken it from up close.
I started toward the bed, heard a crunching sound and stopped.
The gold carpeting between the door and the bed had been sprinkled with what looked to be cornflakes.
I stood still and looked around.
A mans billfold sat on the dresser in front of the mirror, the corners of a wad of cash edging out where the wallet folded over.
Five boxes of cornflakes stood at attention along the wall at the end of the dresser, the flaps on the end box erect in mock salute, a bottle of Seagrams Seven Crown serving as a bookend.
A hissing sound led my eyes to the sliding door entry to their ocean-facing balcony.
The slider was open two inches with the air fighting its way inside like folks at the door to a popular after hours club.
The room was cold enough that I would have closed the door, but not in a crime scene.
I pulled the sleeve of my sweater down over my fingertips, reached as high as my six- two frame allowed and opened the slider far enough to stick my head outside.
Halfway between the door and the railing, a zigzag print from the sole of a large deck shoe smudged the dewy balcony.
The sole print testified that the step had been taken toward the condo.
I pushed the slider back to its original two inches.
Moving carefully to avoid the cornflakes, I went into the walk-in closet.
There were no shoes with that sole pattern, and no shoes of any kind under or beside the bed.
Garson had always struck me as an everything-in-its- place kind of guy.
His room proved it.
Whatever he had worn had been hung up or dropped in a hamper.
He would not have wanted to see the jagged out-of- place blood stain that defaced his pillow.
Sergeant Fidgery came through the doorway, his posture slouched, his stride short.
Hey, Matthew, I just finished your latest, _The Blackmail Club,_ its your best yet.
Thanks, Fidge.
As always, your technical tips helped.
Wheres your new partner?
Whats with the new?
You know George has been with me since, well, since that stupid stunt you pulled on the courthouse steps ten years ago.
Anybody since me will always seem new.
So, then, wheres George?
Sick, Fidge said.
Im soloing.
Thats why I approved your coming down here.
I need you to remember how to behave in a crime scene.
By the way, happy birthday old man.
Sorry I didnt make the party last weekend.
Forty-seven, right?
Forty-seven, Fidge said sarcastically.
We go through this every year.
Im forty-seven, youre forty-six, but only for a few months, then youll be forty-seven like me.
Brenda said to tell you she hasnt forgiven you for missing the party.
You know I wouldve been there if I could.
My agent scheduled a book signing way over in the San Fernando Valley without checking the date with me.
She wont do that again.
No sweat, Matthew.
Im just yanking your chain.
Brenda understands.
Thanks.
Look, I stepped on the cornflakes before I saw them.
They blended with the carpeting.
It looks like the flakes had been walked on before I got here.
You?
Who the hell expects cornflakes on gold carpet? Fidge asked.
Christ, on any color carpet. Fidge put a steadying hand on my shoulder, crossed one knee with his opposite ankle and looked at his sole, then the other.
Neither of us saw anything on the soles of his shoes.
Did Clarice walk on them? I asked.
Says so.
Says she got up, threw a load of clothes in the washer, put the coffee on, showered and slipped into what she called a little thing, and then came in here to wake her old man.
What about the uniform at the door, I asked, did he come in, too?
I cursed when I stepped on the flakes, Fidge said, shaking his head.
A bit too loudly, I guess.
Officer Cardiff came running.
Now stop poking around, Matthew.
I let the wife call you because she said she had been with you last night and that you might have a key to this place, not sos you could play detective.
Tell me about her, and keep your voice down.
What can I say?
Shes got her own teeth, great hair, and this and that.
Yeah.
Right off I noticed her this and that.
Also the little thing she put over her this and that when she got up this morning; its hanging behind her bathroom door.
You ought to take a look.
Then maybe youve already seen it, with her in it. He looked at me from the corner of his eye.
I havent heard you deny she was with you so tell me about her visit.
Clarice came down during the night.
Said she thought someone would try to kill her husband.
I didnt take her seriously, but she had been right.
What time did she get there?
It was dark, had been for a while.
I had been zonked.
I went to bed around ten.
Midnight would be a good guess.
What did she say?
I want all of it and I want it exactly.
Everything.
Page one: The doorbell woke me a few minutes after midnight.
I found Mrs. Talmadge leaning against my door jamb wearing a mans white button-down shirt, a strategic gap formed by the mismatching of a southern buttonhole with a northern button.
Her blonde hair teased her shoulders.
She had on a pair of shiny gold sandals, her toenails painted red to match the Bloody Mary she held, a celery stalk stood tall in the short glass.
Knock it off, Matthew; this isnt one of your novels.
You know what I want.
Give.
I nodded.
Her opening line was something bad is gonna happen. She brushed past me, her sandals slipping as she stepped down into my sunken living room, her shirttail failing to fully cover her backside.
Oops.
I forgot.
You said no descriptions.
I asked her what she was talking about.
She said, somebodys going to kill Tally. Thats her pet name for her dead husband.
Then what did she do? Fidge asked.
She took a big drink, chomped the end off the celery stick that had poked her in the cheek, and oozed her bottom over the arm of my leather chair, creating two small miracles.
She didnt spill a drop, and her face showed no reaction when her bare bottom settled onto the cool leather.
Fidge screwed up his face.
Okay.
Okay, just the facts, Sergeant.
I asked why she thought that.
She said, Three days ago, I answered the phone.
Some guy with a raspy voice asked for Gar.
Only he made it sound like jar.
I told him theres no jar here and hung up.
Was her dead husband there?
No.
But her live husband was. Fidge gave me the finger.
I ignored his bad manners and continued.
She said her husband, sitting at the table drinking coffee, turned white when she mentioned _Gar_.
To illustrate the color she held up her short white shirttail, her unblemished skin imitating melted milk chocolate.
She had no tan line.
I know you said to can the descriptions, but I figured youd like that one.
What did her husband say?
He told her that some former business acquaintances in Europe used to call him Gar.
Then he told her to hang up when they called back.
Fidge put one hand in the air like he had been busted back to directing traffic.
When?
Not if?
I asked her that, too.
She definitely said, when they called back. And, before you ask, she said there were no more such calls, at least not while she was at home.
She got in Garsons face about that call again the next morning, and they again fought.
How well did you know this guy?
Not all that well, I said.
I went out to dinner two or three times with the Talmadges.
Garson was a bon vivant.
He and I played poker with a few men in the building, maybe four times.
Did the Talmadges go to dinner with you or did you go with them?
Whats the difference?
Who invited whom?
I dont recall.
Who drove?
Thats usually the person who extended the invitation.
That I remember.
Clarice.
She gets motion sickness in a car.
Shes found it doesnt happen when she drives.
Garson said it had something to do with her vision and hearing senses getting the same stimulus.
When I was a kid, Fidge said, my uncle always drove for the same reason.
You mentioned you played poker with the deceased and a few other men in the building.
The wifes about thirty-five and a real looker.
The dead guys around eighty.
Was she also playing with some of the other men in the building, and I dont mean poker?
Yeah.
You?
I expect itll come out, so here it is.
One afternoon, two days before they moved in last spring, Clarice knocked on my door.
I had seen her and Garson in the building earlier, but hadnt been introduced.
She said  no, she didnt say, I assumed she and Garson were father and daughter.
But she didnt say otherwise, right?
She didnt say otherwise.
Before she left we did the deed, you know.
Then I found out they were married.
Its rumored several other fellows in the building have also taken turns.
I dont know any names, but I suspect youll find wives eager to spill their suspicions.
Someday, Fidge said, I need to give you my sex-without-deep-feelings-is- worthless speech.
I just dont have time right now.
Oh, too bad, Ive been so looking forward to that one.
But its a load of bull.
Sex for pure lust is not worthless.
Not all of us are fortunate enough to have someone we love deeply in our lives every time we get a case of the galloping hornies.
Youve obviously given this a lot of thought, Matthew.
But may I bring you back to why were together this morning?
You brought it up. I sighed.
Go ahead.
What do you know about Garson Talmadges background?
Less than I know about his eating habits.
During one of the dinners, Garson said he came from Europe, but shied from anything beyond generalities.
I can tell you he spoke some words with the softer consonants common to the French.
Once when the poker talk came around to Iraq, Garson pronounced Allah with the back of his tongue raised to touch his soft palate as is done with Arabic.
The sun broke through the clouds to reflect off the ocean and brighten Garsons bedroom.
We moved a bit to avoid the glare.
Fidge walked over to look at a desk along the bedroom wall which held a computer setup and also a typewriter.
Dont see many people with a typewriter these days. Then he asked, What else happened while she was at your place?
She took another bite from the celery stalk.
A drip of Bloody Mary fell onto her skin to slalom down her abundant cleavage until blossoming into a pink splotch on her white shirt.
Knock off the colorful bullshit, Matthew.
You know, youre the only person since my mother who regularly calls me Matthew.
Brings back memories.
I like it.
I told you to knock it off.
Sorry.
Its the novelist in me; I think that way now.
Clarice said the next morning when Garson went into the bathroom, she saw a bunch of passports in an attach case hed left open on his bed.
They all had his picture, but different names.
She didnt remember any of the names, but from the way she told it he had enough to start his own phonebook.
I understand they fought a lot?
According to her, yeah, I said, at least since that call asking for Gar.
She also heard him on the phone speaking some language she didnt understand.
She said it wasnt French.
That she didnt speak French, but had taken the language in high school so she recognizes it.
After the Gar call, she said her husband stopped leaving their condo except to go to the workout room and spa area in the building.
The only time he left the building was the prior week to keep an appointment with his attorney.
What else? Fidge widened his stance, taking care not to step on more of the cornflakes.
Did I mention her fingernails were painted to match her toenails?
Fidge flipped me off again, then asked, What time did she leave?
I didnt look.
Guess.
Id put it at close to four in the morning.
And, yes, the skin on her fanny made a popping sound when she pulled free of the leather chair.
She stayed nearly four hours?
Just what were you two up to?
We talked.
All right?
Her life.
Well, her life some.
Mostly mine, I guess.
And you spilled your guts, right?
Some stuff.
Yeah.
The woman knows how to get a man talking.
Ill bet she can.
Her naked under a mans white shirt enhanced by mismatched buttons and buttonholes.
I suppose you told her your wife got a divorce after you went to prison?
Yeah.
And that your wife had been mad enough to file ever since you shot her fathers prize hunting dog?
You tell Mrs. Talmadge that, too?
That damn dog was hunting me, Fidge, charged me in the study, saliva hanging from its teeth.
For heavens sake, you had to be there.
That animal took down game with that mouth.
What would you have done?
Fidge laughed.
Id have brought along Milk Bone when I visited the in-laws.
Ha.
Ha.
Like you said, my marriage was kaput by then anyway.
My arrest just gave her an easy explanation for it.
So you sort of moved up her timetable.
I threw my hands in the air.
Shooting that damn dog was self-defense.
Hey, you got a murder here.
Shouldnt you be doing something more important than critiquing my fucked-up personal life?
Fidge lowered his voice and turned his back to the door to the short hall that led to the living room.
Youre right; Im here about the murdered man, not the murdered dog.
But, like we say in the crime-fighting business, you having shot the dog, then the guy outside the courthouse established your pattern of behavior.
Now, you were telling me about you and Clarice and your four hours in paradise.
I cant really tell you what we talked about.
It was late.
You know, you get sort of groggy, the mindless talk comes and the time goes.
Again his silent finger preceded his question.
What about the key?
I dont know why she said that.
That dont answer my question, Matthew.
She said you were her old mans only friend in the building.
Says she figured her husband might have given you a key for emergencies or whatever.
Sounds awfully convenient for when you wanted to visit with his wife.
Okay.
Here it is direct. Fidge pumped his hands downward for me to lower my voice.
I spoke quieter.
I do not and never did have a key to the condo of Garson and Clarice Talmadge.
Is that plain enough, Sergeant Fidgery?
Dont get hot, Matthew.
You know how this works.
I wasnt dodging your question.
As for emergencies, hell, the building supervisor lets people in then.
Hes got keys to every unit.
Okay.
Ill check with the super.
How do you size this up?
The sergeant stepped closer.
The wifes a pastry on legs, but her deck is missing a few cards.
She plugs her old man, and then leaves the front door dead bolted from the inside. Fidge gestured toward a .22 revolver on the bed.
Says that theres her husbands gun, its loaded with longs.
Only one shots been fired.
I expect ballistics will show the missing long is in the old guys brain.
Says the red scarf draped over the gun handle is hers, sos that pretty little pink pillow with the ugly little black hole.
Her dog sleeps on it, or used to.
Why the pillow? I asked.
A .22s pretty quiet.
An expert would know that.
She aint no expert.
Come on, Fidge. I shook my head.
Clarice isnt the kind to kill a man unless its with loving.
And just what kind is she, Mr.
Writer?
The divorcing kind.
Shed move on and find a new rich guy.
Think of it as legal prostitution with fewer customers and better working conditions, with a topnotch severance package as a bonus.
Fidge grinned.
Maybe you should write one of them columns for the lovelorn.
I imitated his finger, using my own.
Whats the story on the cornflakes? I asked.
Says her husbands a light sleeper.
That he sprinkled the flakes on the floor so no one could sneak into his room.
Hows that for nutso?
Clarices voice shrilled from the living room.
I didnt do it, Matt.
Honest to God, I didnt do it. Her chihuahua whimpered, perhaps in agreement.
I had never before heard the dog make a sound.
Garson had refused to buy the condo unless his wife could keep her dog.
She proved to the condo association that Asta had been trained to always stay quiet indoors and, after Garson paid a large nonrefundable deposit, Asta became the only pet in a building posted: no pets.
I looked at my old partner.
Just what points this at her?
Fidge started with a facial expression that screamed Ive already told you.
He summarized: The deadbolt.
No forced entry.
Nothings missing.
The neighbors have heard lots of screaming.
The gun was in the house.
The scarf and pillow are hers.
That wont get you a conviction.
Thats just the part Im telling ya.
We got more and were still in the first inning.
What else have you that ties to her?
Im not paid to report to you, Matthew.
But Ill tell you this, when the wife used her scarf and her dogs pillow she moved it up to premeditated.
Maybe Garson did himself in? I said.
Usually they leave a note, and suicides dont often worry about fingerprints and keeping their work quiet, not to mention the awkwardness of plugging themselves in the front of the skull.
Fidge shrugged after discrediting suicide.
I agreed with him.
This wasnt suicide.
Still, I hadnt seen Fidge shrug that way in years, but habits become habits by lasting over time.
This Fidgery shrug meant, _open and shut_.
Im not going to tell you again, Matthew, get outta here.
The medical examiner could be here any minute.
Im going. I used the back of my hand to pat the sergeant on the breast pocket of his dark-blue suit coat.
She can phone her attorney after you get her downtown, right?
Sure.
Who called this in?
Her.
What about the coffee? I asked.
Fidge coughed into his fist.
Says she dropped the cup when she saw the hole in her sugar daddys noggin.
I left my ex-partner in Garsons bedroom and went to Clarice in the living room.
Ill come see you once youre permitted to have visitors.
She shifted Asta from one arm to the other while blotting her eyes with the soft pads of her straightened fingers, the way women do to avoid smudging their eye makeup.
Please take Asta, she pleaded.
Theres no one else I can ask.
I got her a continental clip three days ago.
She wont need another grooming for weeks.
Ill be home before that.
I had once thought about getting a dog, but figured on one I could name Wolf or King.
Then, after the incident with my father-in-laws mad creature, I repressed the whole idea of a dog.
I need another minute in the victims room, Fidge said, leaning out of the doorway of Garsons bedroom.
When I come out, I want a decision on that dog.
Its you or the catcher.
Whatll I do with a little dog like that? I asked looking at Clarice.
She wont be any trouble. Clarices eyes went all funny.
Please, Matt.
I had always envied the way Sam Spade could stand up to the femme fatales who tried to play him.
I had given that skill to my fictional detective, but no one had given it to me.
All right, I said, hoping I sounded less defeated than I felt.
Asta can stay with me.
Are you sure? she asked.
Im sure of almost nothing.
But, yes, Asta can stay with me. I put my fingers against her lips and headed for her bedroom where I found no deck shoes with zigzag soles.
I quickly looked in the bathroom, the kitchen, and the laundry room and found no zigzags there either.
Fidge had likely already done this.
He was a solid detective, so he would have seen the shoe print on the deck and the partially open glass door in Garsons bedroom.
Back in the living room, I asked, When did Garson start with the cornflakes?
Tally went all crazy after that call.
He started carrying his gun around in his waistband, sleeping with it on the night stand.
He kept insisting I go get six boxes of cornflakes.
We fought about that.
We fought about everything, about nothing.
Day before yesterday, I stopped at the post office to mail a few house bills and something Tally wanted mailed to his attorney.
On the way back I bought the damn cornflakes.
Guess what?
We still fought. She leaned closer and whispered.
He scared me real bad.
I wish I hadnt
I grabbed her shoulders.
Save it for your attorney, you have no legal privilege over what you tell me. But she kept talking anyway.
Damn it, I didnt shoot him.
I was trying to say I wish I hadnt gotten mad at him so much those last few days. She stood clutching the dog, breathing slowly.
Her eyes shut.
Then she put down Asta and said, Go with Uncle Matt.
The hair ball leaped into my arms.
Shell sleep on the foot of your bed.
Youll need to get her a new pillow.
Her pink one has a  hole in it.
Take a few of her toys.
Shell be fine.
Fidge again filled the bedroom doorway, Just the mutt.
But Asta needs her toys.
She
Lady.
Just the mutt or we call the pound.
None of this is up for negotiation.
I put my fingers under Clarices chin, raising her head.
Get your mind off this damn dog.
Youre in a real mess.
Do what Sergeant Fidgery tells you, but dont talk about this to anyone until you get an attorney.
A criminal attorney.
A good one.
Fidge came out of the bedroom wearing a grin wider than his flat nose.
I hope you and Asta will live happily ever after. His eyes sort of twinkled, which is hard to imagine on the face genetics had passed down to Fidge.
Now, he said, for the last time, Matthew, get lost.
I lowered the dog to stop it from licking me on the mouth and walked out with Asta scrambling up my front, watching Clarice over my shoulder.
* Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 # Chapter 2
Like yesterday, today started way too early.
After a shower, three cups of coffee, a scan of the sports section, and four words in the crossword puzzle, I pulled my Chrysler 300 out of my buildings underground parking and pointed it toward town.
The veil of salty wetness that had sneaked in while the city slept still coated everything that had spent the night outdoors.
I turned on the windshield wipers, hit the defroster button, and headed for the city jail.
Clarice had been temporarily held at the smaller Long Beach jail inside the police department.
After her arraignment, she had been moved to the larger main jail on Pacific Avenue near Twentieth Street.
Last spring, my ex-wife and I started sharing dinners, movies, and what was now her bed a few nights a week.
We still cared, but she couldnt get past the anger and betrayal she felt over my having gunned down the thug outside the courthouse.
After nearly a month of our running in place, I put a stop to the experiment.
The ending of most relationships digs an emotional hole that refills with emptiness; ours was no exception.
Hemingway had said something like the best way to get over a woman is to get a new one.
I hadnt decided whether to take Hemingways advice or to write a novel, use her name, and have her killedheinously.
For a few weeks after I pulled the plug on our mutual effort, I considered both, a sort of double exorcism.
Then I met Clarice, who was bright and funny as well as passionate.
The only problem, Clarice was married.
I hadnt known that, and I hadnt bothered asking.
My libido was screaming, Any port in a storm, and Clarice was a dock slip built to hold a good sized yacht so I powered on in.
* * *
The Long Beach jail, one of Californias largest, booked about eighteen thousand inmates annually.
That seems like a huge number of bookings, but then Long Beach was Californias sixth largest city, and Americas thirty-eighth biggest with a population around half a million.
To most people Long Beach doesnt seem that big, probably because it butts up to Los Angeles without an obvious border crossing.
The lobby chairs of the Long Beach jailhouse were all occupied with people jabbering in multiple languages.
I figured all of them were talking about seeing a loved one and cursing someone else for the poor choices made by the loser they had come to visit.
The air felt tight from the fear which grips everyone in a jail, even those working hard at showing tough.
The mothers who had brought babies were trying to keep them from crying.
But the babies had it right.
Jail was a place that could make anyone cry.
For now, Clarices world was the place writers had given names like stir, the slammer, the joint, the pokie, and a thousand others.
But not the big house, that name referred to prison not a jail.
Whatever the name, except in the movies, escapes were rare.
Once you went in, you stayed in until they let you walk out or they carried you out.
Eventually I was called through a heavy door and left to walk behind a row of uncomfortable looking chairs.
Visitation was limited to fifteen minutes.
I chose the first place to sit where the chairs to each side of me were not occupied by other visitors.
A moment later, Clarice entered through a door like the one I had come through, only her door was on the inmate side of the glass partition.
This was a big difference, huge, I could leave at will, while she would be forcibly detained.
Her entrance started the clock on our fifteen minutes.
She walked toward me behind a row of chairs on her side, forced a smile, not much of one, and sat down.
We were separated by a pane of glass as thick as old coke bottles.
I picked up the dirty phone on my side.
She picked up the dirty phone on her side.
She put the flat of her other hand on the unbreakable glass, the pads of her fingers turning white from the pressure.
I covered her hand with my own, the insulation of the cold glass denying the heat from her fingers.
She ignored the tide of tears spilling through her black lashes.
The prosecutor convinced the judge I was a flight risk.
He denied bail.
They photographed and fingerprinted me, then some dyke with a mustache felt me up during a strip search.
After that I got shoved in the shower.
By the time Clarice finished, her voice had raised several decibels.
The visiting room guard walked over and leaned down next to her.
I couldnt see his face, but a good guess went something like: behave yourself or this visits over and that gorgeous fanny of yours goes back in lockup.
She lowered her head and nodded.
The guard stepped back.
I gave her a minute to compose herself.
I had called ahead to get the official words.
Clarice Talmadge had been charged with capital murder, also known as first degree murder with special circumstances, under California Penal Code 187 (a).
The fancy title meant that if she was found guilty of having murdered her husband for financial gain, one of more than twenty different situations which constitute capital murder in California, she would face either the death penalty or life imprisonment without a possibility of parole.
Clarice jerked her hand up to swipe at a running tear.
Then let her hand freefall onto her lap.
Her face looked whiter than I had ever seen it, probably due to the shower and no makeup.
Still, the woman was lovely.
The jailhouse orange jumpsuit brought the emerald out of her bluish-green eyes.
Her naturally creamy skin made me wonder why she ever bothered with makeup.
Even her lips had a natural hot-pink hue, her tongue having the enviable task of keeping them moist.
She brought the phone back up to her ear.
Astas a strange name for a dog. I said, hoping to pull her out of her funk.
Her unpainted lips thinned and trembled.
How is my baby?
Is she okay?
Shes fine.
Slept on the foot of my bed just like you said she would.
Were getting along swell.
I got the food and snacks you told me about.
No problem.
Whered you come up with the name Asta?
Clarices head and shoulders swiveled to her left as a heavyset Hispanic inmate moved toward her, then quickly spun to the right to confirm the big woman had continued on by.
Caught up in her jailhouse vigilance, I also watched the large woman until she sat in a chair two cubicles beyond Clarice.
Tally bought Asta for me, Clarice said, returning from the distraction.
He named her after a dog owned by some guy named Nick Charles.
I told him this Charles must be one of his friends I never met.
Tally just smiled.
He likes his jokesliked his private jokes.
Then he said something about my being too young to understand.
I dont think the police are going to be looking too hard for anyone else to pin this on. It was a hard message, but one she needed to hear.
She took it without reaction.
After we met, she said, as if she had not heard my harsh message, I researched you in the online archives.
You dont know it, but Im hot stuff searching on that Internet. She moved the phone to her other hand, the aluminum wrapped cord draping across her mouth like surreal braces.
I read all I could find about your career as a cop.
Then you know I went to prison and why.
I know, and I agree with the majority of the people in the poll.
Im glad you shot the bastard.
He deserved it.
I appreciate that.
In any event, I doubt I would have lasted much longer as a cop.
Why?
The easy answer is the department thought I had too much Mike Hammer in me, while I thought the department had too much Casper Milquetoast.
In my novels, I define and dole out justice the way it feels right to me.
My readers must agree that justice isnt always best found in a courtroom.
They keep buying my books.
So your departmental papers show, terminated: too much Mike Hammer?
Well, they glossed it over as insubordination.
I never have been any good at letting someone play smart when theyre talking stupid, just because theyre the boss.
Clarice moved in her chair, my gaze moved with her.
She said, One of the articles mentioned youre also a private detective.
True.
After my pardon they couldnt deny me a PIs license.
Investigative work was my profession, but the law wouldnt allow me a permit to carry a weapon.
Im not sure why I got the private license.
Maybe I thought it would add to my mystique as a crime novelist.
Maybe because it lets you feel in some way youre still a detective. She grinned for the first time since I arrived, and then said, The job that made you happier than being a novelist.
When they were being nice, the biddies in our building referred to Clarice as the airhead on the fourth floor, but my instincts told me Clarice was Phi Beta Kappa in street savvy.
Methinks the lady has brains as well as beauty.
My mother was a lady.
I think of myself as a woman.
There is a difference you know?
No.
I didnt know.
As a writer, Im naturally curious.
She explained.
When a lady sees a man who attracts her she thinks of herself as a flirt.
When a woman does, she thinks of herself as a prick teaser.
I like it.
May I use it?
Of course, but it requires you recognize one from the other.
Ill do my best.
Now, our time is limited so lets get back to your situation.
You said the cops wont look much beyond me, so I need you to find out who killed Tally.
Except in the pages of my books, I havent worked a case in a lot a years.
You dont want me.
At best, Im a rusty ex-detective.
Ive known a few smart men, Matt, even a couple of honest ones.
But youre both.
Thats rare and its just what I need.
Dont make me out to be holy, you know my record.
You plugging that guy shows you cared about the victim and about justice.
That youre passionate about what you believe in.
I need you to believe in me.
I dont know. I kept shaking my head long after I finished saying it.
I just dont think Im the man for this job.
You are exactly the man for the job.
You were with me.
And you know I couldnt kill Tally  You know that, dont you Matt?
Sam Spade would easily know whether or not Clarice was working me, but I couldnt tell.
In the end it mattered little.
I had always had difficulty re- corking an opened curiosity.
No promises, I said.
Ill think on it.
But, as long as Im here, I do have a question about last night.
The always perfect polish on her fingernails was chipped when she turned the back of her hand toward me and wiggled her fingers.
Bring it on.
When you got home from my place, did you look in on Garson?
No.
His door was shut.
He usually went to bed before me.
Hed close his door when he turned off his TV.
Unless he called out, I would never go in after he shut his door  Why do you ask?
It would have told us whether or not he had been killed while you were with me. Her expression told me she understood.
I expect, she said, the autopsy will show Tally died while I was with you.
That will show a range of time that will likely cover part of the time you were with me and some time you werent.
But we dont have the autopsy yet.
She didnt say anything, just looked down and pursed her lips.
You handling this place okay?
She shrugged.
Its nasty and thats just the surface.
Look at these outfits.
Hows a girl gonna look good in this ugly thing? She tugged hard enough to billow the loose-fitting orange material over her bust, then glanced toward the door and the guard.
Youd look good in anything, I said, meaning it, but this is not a place for looking sensuous.
Let your hair go.
Dont bathe unless they insist, but cooperate when they do.
No sweat, Matt.
I hold a brown belt in karate.
If any of the lesbos in this place put a hand on me, theyll wish they hadnt.
Also, this is not a place to get in a fight.
Walk and talk with confidence, not cockiness.
Stay to yourself, but dont act like a victim or like youre too good for the rest of em.
She smiled for the second time.
Seeing were talking outfits here, I see you wore your trench coat.
That ought to help you get into your detective persona.
The trench coat may have been a little over the top into my novelist side, but I wasnt about to confess that to Clarice.
Morning fog, I said.
Wet.
Now, did you get an attorney?
I called Sidney Blackton. She stroked her fingers on the glass the way she might to tickle the open palm of my hand.
He was Tallys lawyer for all his U.S. business deals.
You need a criminal mouthpiece, not a corporate attorney.
Thats what Blackton told me.
He sent over Brad Fisher who went with me to the arraignment.
I gave Fisher your name and told him youd help.
Was that okay?
Do you know Fisher?
Only by reputation, which says hes a topnotch criminal lawyer.
Ive heard him called the flim-flam man.
No promises, but Ill talk with him.
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 # Chapter 3
I had not been back to the Long Beach Police Department since the day I had been taken there as the accused in what the press called, Justice on the Courthouse Steps.
On the way over from the jail, I had tried to sort out why I was ignoring my instincts that told me not to get involved.
I hadnt known Clarice was married to Garson Talmadge while we were bumping uglies.
Still, under whatever conditions, when youd done the joe buck with a mans wife you owed him something.
I had another reason for taking the case.
Youll think me silly, but Ill tell you anyway.
I liked Clarice.
Not just because she had a full load of the Bs: brains, beauty, and big boobs.
I just liked her, as a person.
She was plain spoken and, generally speaking, more candid than most people, male or female.
I walked around the corner after parking on Broadway, and pushed through the door.
When I got close to the front desk, the uniformed officer looked up.
Id like to see Sergeant Fidgery, I said.
My name is Matthew Kile.
Ill let him know, Mr. Kile.
Top of the stairs, take a seat.
Hell meet you up there.
While waiting for Fidge, I was shocked to see how little the place had changed since I left the force.
The decor was still grays and light browns with old florescent light fixtures lined up a foot or so below a white acoustical tiled ceiling that wasnt exactly white any longer.
The air was the same, too, a stale mixture of sneaked cigarettes smoked in out-of-sight places, further flavored by the unforgettable aromas of farts and barf that somehow leeched in from the locker room and the drunk tank.
Hello, Matthew, Fidge said, as soon as he stepped into sight carrying the coffee mug that he held more often than he wore pants, at least that would be my guess and I really didnt want to find out.
Fidge talked with his hands and the coffee mug did its part without giving up its content.
Come on, was all he said before turning and starting down the hall without looking back.
At six-two and two-twenty I was neither short nor thin, but Fidge was six-five and over two-sixty, maybe more for he looked a bit softer around the middle, but over the years which of us dont?
In the old days, the two of us had been known as the departments thundering herd.
Fidge and I were more than friends.
Over time our minds had culled out our case failures and hard times, while retaining the shared laughs and accomplishments.
We were tight.
I strode up beside Fidge just before we turned into his office.
We used to share one.
Now he had a single.
I didnt get a chance to ask you at the scene, hows your wife?
Just fine, Brenda keeps asking when youre coming by.
You know, she comes from a big family so when she cooks theres always plenty.
Sure.
New haunts.
New habits.
The kids?
Brocks good.
Betty, well, if youve never had the opportunity to listen to a fifteen-year-old practicing trumpet every night, you havent really lived. We laughed.
Hug them all for me, will you?
Tell Brenda Ill be there for Sunday breakfast.
If thats not okay, let me know.
Sunday it is, lets say nine-thirty? I nodded.
Coffee Matthew? he asked while approaching the pot to refill his cup.
No thanks. Then I said, Yeah, okay, Ill take a cup, black. Fidge smiled and brought it over to me.
We stood sipping around stern looks over the rims of our cups.
I sat first.
Fidge spoke first.
Have you been by lockup to see your neighbor?
I just left there.
Grungy place.
Its a jail, Matthew.
Youve been there plenty of times.
But then, lately youve mostly been hanging out in bookstores and attending black-tie dinners.
Not to mention dining on cold leftovers alone at my computer.
A picture of Brenda, Betty, and Brock, their eleven-year-old son, in his Little League uniform, sat on a gray soft-top table under the window.
For me, the Fidgerys personified the modern Ozzie and Harriet Nelson family.
I told Fidge that once and he said the Adams Family seemed the better comparison.
Howre your daughters? he asked.
The girls are doing great.
Rose, the older one is getting married soon.
Youll get an invitation.
Amy is trying to decide between an average-sized guy with a Bill Gates brain and a muscle-bound athlete with one earring and several tattoos, who rides a Harley.
Fidge smiled and shook his head.
Youve got to be shitting bricks.
I know that craziness is ahead for me and Brenda.
Betty is already eyeing the men folk in her world.
Last Sunday I asked God why he let hormones grow up ahead of brains.
How do we get these youngsters to understand the only really important thing about high school is graduating?
That the rest they think is so important wont mean squat in the big picture of their lives?
One of lifes easy questions, with no easy answer, at least I dont have one for you.
And Helen?
Ah, my ex.
No easy answer there either.
Last year she came close to remarrying, but didnt.
The girls are her life right now, along with keeping track of my doings.
If I didnt know better, Id swear the woman was listening to my life on the upstairs extension.
Sounds like she still cares.
If she did, she would have stood with me during my trial.
Your attorney should have gotten her there.
I told him to leave her alone, that coming or not was her decision.
She was hurt.
Confused.
Angry.
For that matter, so was I, but I also understood why you sent that guy to hell; your ex didnt.
But she ended up writing while you were inside, didnt she?
For the first couple years, she did.
Then she stopped.
I couldnt figure her then.
I still cant.
Hey, I feel silly sitting in your office while you stand.
Fidge didnt move.
After taking another drink of his coffee, he said, You know I cant discuss this case with you.
I understand, Fidge.
I just came by so we could sit and look at each other, but you arent even sitting.
Listen, I dont believe Clarice did it.
I got nothing except instinct working here, but, like I said, unless he died of an overdose of bed banging, killings not her style.
Oh, you got firsthand knowledge about that, Matthew? Fidge unhooked his top button to free his moose-sized neck from his deer-sized collar.
You know what, Sergeant Fidgery, Youre a dirty old man. We exchanged more grins.
I just cant see her bumping off her old man, I said, feeling myself slipping deeper into the brand of cop and street vernacular spoken in my modern-noir novels.
If she plugged im, it woulda been in the heat of passion or anger, and she wouldve been looking him straight in the eyes.
Shed have no interest in pillows to muffle the shot.
Shed wanna hear it.
Shed wanna smell the cordite.
Even then, I cant see her doing it.
Sergeant Fidgery wedged his thumbnail between his two front teeth.
He must have gotten whatever he was after because his eyes crossed when he looked just before licking his nail.
People arent as predictable as the characters in your novels, Matthew.
You told me once that characters have to act consistent with their personalities.
Their true personalities, I retorted, which might be very different from the ones they show the world.
Fidge ignored my cleanup of his comment and continued.
Thats swell in those books of yours, but not necessarily in real life.
Real folks often act outside the mainstream of their lives.
They go off the deep end and kill or rob and run.
Hell, you know that.
You were a damn good cop long before you started writing.
Bottom line: This guy Talmadge was a respected, retired businessman.
Somebodys gotta pay and the bills got his wifes name on it.
Fidge, shady businessmen are like politicians and madams, they get respectable only after they get dead.
Fidge held up his mug in a silent offer of more coffee.
I shook him off and waited while my former partner refilled his cup from a pot sitting on a hot plate atop another gunmetal-gray table butted into the corner.
He carried his cup to my side of his desk, slid his backside over its top edge, leaned toward me, and spoke low.
Itd be like old times to discuss this case with you, but damn it, you know I cant, really cant.
He circled back around his desk and before finally sitting down, placed his cup randomly among the brown rings commemorating the countless cups that had sat near him before this one.
No problem, Fidge, we wont talk about it.
Im just saying she didnt do it.
Women like her see their bodies as tools and marriage as an investment.
For them, no man is worth prison.
They dont ever see themselves as jilted or betrayed.
They just move on, seduce a new honey, and figure the next onell be a better deal.
My ex-partner smirked like hed known a few, or maybe like he had fantasized knowing just one.
Fidge, that scene just didnt add up.
You got her using a pillow for quiet.
You got her using a scarf to avoid prints, and showering after the shooting.
You have her planning it down to tossing a cup of coffee against the bedroom door to illustrate her shock at finding her husband dead.
Then you see her as leaving the deadbolt latched till you arrive and telling you it had been locked all night.
Thats half smart, half super stupid.
She wouldve unlatched the dead bolt before you arrived, and said, Gee, thats odd, Sergeant Fidgery, its usually locked.
My husband mustve let someone in after I went to bed. Come on, Fidge.
I admit you got a nice bundle of circumstantial, but youve also got contradictions galore.
I doubt theyll dance together in front of the grand jury.
Fidgery hooded his eyes and again gave me his case-closed shrug.
A year or so before I shot my way out of the department, we had a case where an older husband was killed.
His wife, a real looker, a graduate of Plastic Surgery U., had been a suspect, but Fidge refused to believe anyone that angelic could kill.
Well, she had done it and Fidge endured being razzed until the trial ended and she was found guilty.
After that he figured every good- looking female suspect was Lynette Squeaky Fromme.
I had gone in expecting to get his views on the zigzag footprint and the open glass slider, but Fidge had decided Clarice had done it so I left discussion alone.
Instead, I said, You know one of the side effects of all that coffee you drink is irritability.
He gave me the finger again.
I said, Whats this thing with your finger?
You trying to recapture your adolescence?
Saves time while capturing the sentiment.
Maybe you should try decaffeinated coffee or no-caffeine soda?
We went mum on the Talmadge case after that and relived a few wing dings from the old days.
I walked out of Fidges office, and got to the stairwell with my hand on the rail to start down to the ground floor when I heard my name.
Matthew. I turned to see Fidge standing in the hall just outside his office.
Come back here! While he waited, he used his thumbs to pull up on the front of his trousers.
I went back in while his trousers went back down to their original position.
Your nympho neighbor needs a good attorney.
We got lots more.
A damn good attorney, Matthew.
Now get the hell out of here.
I got work to do.
* Chapter 4 Chapter 4{{{1 # Chapter 4
The gossip gaggle in my condo development had long ago decided that Clarice had boffed the entire buildings population of husbands.
I knew two things about that: it was at least partially true, and Clarice enjoyed the rumors.
She loved tantalizing the old prunes.
I didnt know whether they were envious of the body Clarice had, that they didnt, or the sex Clarice was getting, that they werent, probably both.
One thing was certain.
They would all do the witness dance for the D.A.
I had lied to Fidge.
It hadnt been a big lie, only a tactical one.
Clarice and I had spent more time together than I had confessed, but I hadnt lied for the reason youre thinking.
We had no ongoing affair.
Not that I didnt want to, but Clarice was married.
Yeah, I know, you can call me provincial and youd likely be right, but I prefer principled.
Garson Talmadge was a cold man who, from what I determined, cared deeply only about money.
He had neither strong passion nor compassion for anything or anybody standing between him and his next profit.
For him, people were tools.
So you dont get the wrong idea, let me confess I also like money, more than most people Id guess, but far less than Garson Talmadge.
Of course, I admit that money is something about which one can be more principled after they have an adequate supply.
Clarice, on the other hand, was all about passion and compassion, well at least passion.
Not that she didnt like money, she did.
That was why she married Garson.
She had made her deal with him and from what Id seen, she was holding up her end.
On some level, she cared for him.
She cooked for him.
And she gave him all the sex he could handle.
Because her desires far exceeded his, they had also agreed that she could venture into the beds of other men.
Garson asked only that she not flaunt doing so.
That part was hard for if Clarice was breathing, Clarice was flaunting.
No doubt their arrangement was certainly a nonstandard plank in marital vows, but in their case it could also be seen as pragmatic.
Garson wanted a trophy wife, and Clarice wanted to be assured she would be taken care of after his demise.
This was a marriage of convenience.
Still it appeared to me to be going smoothly until someone punched Garsons ticket.
Let me get back to my coming clean about my clandestine relationship with Clarice.
First, I should admit, having visited her warm places that one time, I was eager for a return visit.
People go where they are invited and return to where they were made to feel welcome, and Clarice had made me feel very welcome.
I enjoyed my time with her.
She was more intelligent than the building biddies thought, much more so, and she had a quick wit.
She considered my standard about no married women to be based on some boyhood notion of honor.
I didnt agree.
We let that be and focused on being friends, sharing time now and again after Garson went to bed.
She continued trying to entice me, but I held to my principle while enjoying her enticements, all the while wishing Id change my mind.
But, principles dont really exist if one abandons them when the going gets tough, or, in this instance, the temptations get great.
I know what youre thinking, this guy shot somebody he figured deserved to die, but he wont have sex with a willing married woman who held a hall pass from her husband.
What can I tell you?
Life is rarely neat, and often confusing.
* * *
When I got to the bottom of the stairs after leaving Fidges office, with my hand on the banister to pivot off the bottom stair onto the first floor, I heard someone holler, Hey, Mr. Kile.
This time the voice didnt belong to Fidge, but to the desk sergeant.
Mr.
Kile, he repeated, lifting the hinged end of the front counter and coming toward me.
Chief of Detectives, Richard Dickson, has instructed me to escort you to his office.
Not wanting to look chicken, I followed the sergeant into the elevator.
Chief Dicksons office is on the third floor, the sergeant said.
The door closed in the middle, making that hollow sadistic sound that elevators make just before the floor turns to mush.
Dont misunderstand, Im not a wimp.
I just dont like elevators so I avoid them whenever its practical.
I can handle airplanes, and heights are manageable when I walk up.
But every time I get in an elevator I feel like Jimmy Stewart in the Hitchcock movie _Vertigo_.
Its a bullshit condition, and I know it has no foundation in fact.
Still, Ive fought that sense of panic all my life, with off-and-on progress.
The sergeant pushed the button for three.
Im a big fan, Mr. Kile.
I really enjoy your books.
Thank you, Sergeant.
Call me Matt.
My mouth went dry as the elevator groaned and moaned.
That sensation grew into nausea when the box-on-a-cable staggered passing the second floor.
Actually, this time was not so bad.
Most often the clammy panic came as soon as the doors closed.
A bright green number three appeared above the door just as a dollop of sweat gathered on my forehead.
The elevator navigated its up-and- down bounce, stopped, and, to my relief, proved that its doors, once closed, would again open.
We walked to the end of the hall where the desk sergeant knocked on the wood panel framing the fogged glass that read: Captain Richard Dickson, Chief of Detectives.
Behind his back, Chief of Detectives Richard Dicksons name was Two Dicks. Politics and the Peter Principle had danced in the street the day Dickson made CD.
A long quiet minute passed before a guttural voice leached through the door.
Come in.
While the sergeant reached for the door, I swiped at the sweat run gathering speed as it worked through my sideburn.
We walked inside.
The Long Beach Chief of Detectives had a wooden desk, an upgrade from the soft gray-top in Fidges office.
The room had one window.
The blinds were drawn.
The walls were crowded with pictures; the most prominently placed being one showing the ambitious man smiling and shaking hands with the chief of police.
Another showed Dickson shaking hands with the mayor.
In the next, Dickson stood before the U.S. flag, shaking hands with our local congressman.
In it, Dickson was illustrating that he had political connections, while giving the congressman the opportunity to display a tough-on-crime image.
On the side wall were a dozen or so photos of smiling Dickson standing with a gaggle of civic, religious, and business leaders.
There was also a picture at some black tie gala in which I thought Clarice was standing a few feet behind Dickson, but the woman was far enough in the backdrop, that I couldnt be certain it was she.
The last picture I glanced at had him holding a shiny shovel with a small dollop of dirt at a groundbreaking somewhere.
Well, you get the idea.
The walls were further adorned with plaques and awardsprobably for coddling criminals.
One thing conspicuously missing was family pictures.
Even single men had families, but there were no pictures of Dicksons parents or siblings, if he had any.
Siblings, I mean.
He had to have parents, or so I assumed.
I had to give credit where credit was due.
The man was tall and fit and gussied up in a black pinstriped double-breasted suit with a matching blue tie and pocket hanky.
He looked more politician than cop.
While a detective, the man had solved crimes at an alarming rate, and quickly advanced through the ranks to become the citys first ever unmarried chief of detectives.
He was also known as a ladys man, with his picture often featured on the society page escorting one or another of Long Beachs wealthy young widows.
No way could Dickson be confused with the overweight, rumpled detectives chewing on soggy cigar butts with whom the fictional Phillip Marlowe had regularly matched wits.
Thats all, Sergeant, Dickson said, looking up after having made us wait long enough to establish his importance.
Kile, stay.
His order for me to stay sounded like the commands I had been trying with Asta, and I didnt obey any better than Clarices chihuahua.
Listen, Dickson, if you got something to say, be polite or you can go to hell. After I said it, I heard the office door latch shut.
I hadnt planned for that, but, given how the rank and file felt about Dickson, the desk sergeant hearing it was more good than bad.
Perhaps that had been Astas meaning when she turned and walked out of the room after I had ordered the little thing to stay.
Thank you, Mr. Kile, Dickson snarled, before patting his neatly trimmed mustache as if it were a loose glue-on.
That segues into why I wanted to see you.
Sit.
No real cop said words like segue, so I now had one more reason to dislike the jerk.
I hear just fine standing. I shifted into a sarcastic parade rest stance, my hands together against the small of my back.
I also decided that tonight Id try a different tone with Asta.
I had read somewhere that a relationship can be built on mutual understanding so maybe Dickson and I had a future.
But for now and as far ahead as I cared to look, I didnt like Two Dicks, never had, and I knew it cut both ways.
Color rose to Dicksons cheeks and his eyebrows arched above his shit-brown eyes.
Citizen Kile, youve been washed up around here since you stopped catching murderers and became one.
Except for that play-school badge you carry, youre no longer a detective.
Youre a writer and not a very good one at that.
Youre a civilian. His pointing finger hovered between us.
So stop thinking you can just waltz in here whenever you have a notion to talk to Sergeant Fidgery or any of my detectives.
Okay.
I heard your message.
Now hear mine. I moved out of the imaginary line from Two Dicks finger.
I used too much muscle for you and the other do- gooders so caught up in protecting the rights of the crud that youve forgotten about protecting the honest folks.
Get lost, citizen. The pointy finger again.
Not yet.
Got one more thing to say. I leaned my thighs against his desk.
Spill it and then blow.
And then blow?
You been watching old gangster movies, Two Dicks?
Okay, here it is in noir gangster speak, lemme give it ta ya straight, see, cause this aint just about you and me, see.
I came to talk with Sergeant Fidgery for good reason.
I knew last nights victim, Garson Talmadge, also the dame youre trying to pin it on, his wife, Clarice Talmadge.
And heres a flash.
She didnt do it.
Theyre my neighbors, see.
Its Sergeant Fidgerys job to talk to folks like me.
I came down of my own volition to answer his questions about the two of em.
So dont get your nose out of joint toward FidgeSergeant Fidgery.
Dickson glared at me.
His moment of silence gave me an opening and I took it.
Often it is good strategy to say something you arent sure of as if you are.
If youre right, people will often not correct you.
It works better than just asking a question to which yes or no is an equally correct answer.
I framed the first part of what I said next in that spirit.
You know the accused, Clarice Talmadge.
Certainly you agree she would not commit murder.
Ive never met the woman. Dickson had corrected my statement which strongly suggested he didnt know Clarice.
However, it could also mean he had something to hide and, as an accomplished interrogator, understood why I had phrased my question as a statement and so he had disagreed.
I still figured he knew her.
After all, he had a pecker and Clarice collectedem.
I took the picture down from his wall and dropped it on his desk.
There you are. I pointed.
There she is. I pointed again.
He picked up the picture.
If thats the woman Sergeant Fidgery booked in, she wasnt with me.
Shes in the background like a lot of other people who were there that I didnt know.
I understand that now you wouldnt want to know her.
Not with her being arrested for murdering her husband.
It wouldnt exactly be tidy for an ambitious chief of detectives.
Believe what you will, writer, I could care less.
I will, Two Dicks.
All right, youve had your say.
Get lost.
If I see you around this department again, Ill have you arrested.
We spend a full minute exchanging screw-you looks.
Then I walked out.
* Chapter 5 Chapter 5{{{1 # Chapter 5
Like most attorneys, the litigators anyway, Brad Fisher had his office within an easy walk of the courthouse.
Also nearby were several restaurants and a couple of Long Beachs upscale watering holes where more pleas were bargained and settlements reached than in all their paneled conference rooms.
The lobby in Brad Fishers office included a photograph of four men in golf attire.
The plaid pants and wide white belts told me this particular golf outing had occurred quite some years before.
I recognized one of the four men, Dick Fisher.
The receptionist said Dick was Brads brother.
I had met Dick on the golf course a few years ago when I was still playing golf.
Im going to play again, you understand.
I havent quit.
Ive just retreated.
When I find the right set of clubs for my kind of swing, Ill be back out there.
Someday I plan to shoot my age.
Its one of those goals a man sets for himself to prevent fully abandoning the little boy that secretly lives inside.
And, one day, I will shoot my age, if I live long enough.
Dick Fisher is an OB-GYN; which tells me Dick was smarter than his brother, Brad, who, as a criminal lawyer, spends his days dealing with assholes.
Brad Fisher came out to greet me.
I liked that.
It was less high hat than having me ushered in to first see him sitting behind some whale-sized, hand- rubbed desk.
We got coffee, which Brad schlepped himself, another gesture that labeled him a down-to-earth guy.
We got right to it.
Garson Talmadges children, born Sappho and Charaxus, but known as Susan and Charles, had given statements to the cops that their stepmother, Clarice, must have killed their father.
The son, Charles, told Sergeant Fidgery his father had called the night of his death, around two in the morning and that his father had said he was going to change his will to leave nothing to his wife.
This meant Clarice would only get the one million she was promised in their prenuptial.
The daughter, Susan, said Charles had called her right afterwards to share the news from Daddy, or Papa as they called Garson.
Garsons corporate attorney, Blackton, had confirmed to Brad Fisher that Garson had called to set an appointment to change his will.
At the time, Blackton had been on the way to the courthouse, so they had not talked long.
Blackton and Garson Talmadge were going to meet next week, Fisher had said.
Wishful thinking would say that Talmadge had decided to drop his kids from his will.
They got wind of it, killed him and framed their stepmother.
The prosecution will argue Garson wanted to cut out Clarice, and the D.A.
has the sons testimony supporting that claim.
On top of that he has Garsons attorney lined up to confirm that Garson had planned to change his will.
I can get Susans testimony stricken.
Its hearsay because she heard it from her brother, not directly from her father.
I should have a copy of Garson Talmadges will tomorrow.
The big problem is the prosecutions contention is the more credible: that an elderly man would be more likely to drop his nubile wife from his will than to cut off his children.
This point will score big for the prosecution.
And it keeps getting better for the D.A.s office, Fisher added.
Clarice was the only person in the locked condo with her dead husband.
The scarf and pillow used in the shooting were hers, the gun her husbands.
A jury would figure any other shooter would have brought his own tools.
Its all circumstantial, but short of an eye witness, the D.A.
has an effective game plan.
Hell, Brad, I said, trying to put something on the other side of the scales of justice.
Garsons kids have lots of reasons to lie.
If Clarice is found guilty, the two kids will likely split the millions she would have gotten under the executed will.
Five million is the number that fits in your comment.
The unchanged will, the only will at the time of his death, gives her five million with about ten more to be split between Susan and Charlie.
So, I said, quickly doing the math, the kids each get an extra 2.5 mil.
Lots of murders have been done for less.
Not quite.
The prenuptial guarantees her one million, so each of the kids would net an extra two mil.
But, Matt, may I call you Matt? I nodded.
Were facing their testimony about the phone calls and for now, we have to assume the D.A.
will produce phone records confirming Garson called his son who then called his sister.
Hell have Blackton for corroboration to the extent that Talmadge did plan to revise.
Now, for the whipped cream and cherry: the jury, being mothers and fathers themselves, will want to accept any argument other than children kill their fathers for money.
As for the greed of the two children, if Garson had planned to drop Clarice from his will, the kids couldve done nothing and ended up splitting the other five mil, well, four, net of the prenup.
So they dont appear to have even a financial reason for killing their father.
Other than the _more and sooner rule_ , I offered in weak counter.
More money is better than less and getting it sooner is better than getting it later.
Theyd get more money and receive it sooner with Daddy dead and their pigeon convicted.
I need you to primarily focus on those two kids, Fisher said.
Find me some dirt to sprinkle on em, anything that might give them a motive to kill their father.
If we can discredit them, even a little, I might knock a chunk out of the D.A.s foundation.
I also want you to find out where the kids were the night Garson was killed.
Maybe Garson killed himself to make it look like Clarice did it? I asked without much enthusiasm.
At this point, anythings possible, Brad said, with his reply matching my comment for lack of enthusiasm.
But we have no reason to believe he hated his wife enough to punch his own ticket to frame her.
While youre working the kids angle, Ill check into his health and state of mind, but for now weve got no clothesline on which to hang suicide.
What have you learned about Garsons business affairs? I asked.
Around the building, he always changed the subject when talk swung toward how hed made his dough.
Brad stood up and moved out from behind his desk.
After looking down, he pinched his left trouser pleat, raised the pant leg and then released it.
The cuff had been hung up on the lace of his wingtip.
Then, with his slacks shipshape, he continued.
Theres no reason for secrecy now that Talmadge is dead.
Blackton told me old man Talmadge was a dealer in weapons who primarily sold to Saddam Hussein, brokering for some unnamed French munitions manufacturers.
Blackton doesnt know specifics because he only represented Talmadge in his U.S. business and personal dealings.
Blackton did, however, allege that Talmadge told him he had stopped selling weapons after he got U.S. citizenship.
We got ourselves a small contradiction, I said.
The kids told Sergeant Fidgery that their father stopped dealing weapons fifteen years ago, five years before the three of them came to the States.
Now Blackton told you that Talmadge said he stopped after he got his citizenship which was about ten years ago.
I know Blackton, Fisher said, hes as big a dove on defense as there is, so it figures Blackton wouldnt have anything good to say about anyone in that business.
I think hes trying to help me as much as he can.
That started when he referred Clarice to me.
To be clear, though, Blackton didnt say Talmadge was still running guns.
Thats just me covering the possibilities.
You know something, that old man must have had a real crust on him.
I mean, selling death.
Then again, I suppose everyone has some good points.
I suppose, I said with a shrug.
But some folks keep them well hidden.
Brad Fisher and I went on to discuss the more likely Plan B: French arms manufacturers and politicians as well as Middle East conduits were worried.
Their concern: weapons found in Iraq would be traced back to Talmadge who, to protect his American citizenship, might be squeezed into talking.
That seemed more likely than kids killing their papa, but any good investigator follows up more than one lead.
Most dont pan out, a few do.
Its a numbers game.
By the end of our meeting, Fisher had convinced me to become his investigator, part of his defense team.
Truth was I had already made up my mind to look into Garsons death.
Working for the defense would legitimize my digging and grease my access to some information.
The nasty part, Fidge and I would be on opposite sides.
But I had realized that from the start.
Then again, maybe Clarice had been right, maybe I had gotten a PI license because I still liked to think of myself as a detective.
That could also explain why I had taken on the investigation.
In any event, I wasnt altogether comfortable with my refresher course coming in a case which could jeopardize the womans freedom, maybe even her life.
It would also be disingenuous if I did not admit I lusted to see a grateful Clarice in something more fetching than jailhouse orange.
Clarice was now a widow which meant, under my code, she was back in play.
* Chapter 6 Chapter 6{{{1 # Chapter 6
Garsons daughter lived on the second floor of an older, two-story stucco-and- wood building about a block from what the locals called Cherry Beach.
Cherry was a little sandy inlet near Belmont Shore, a tired, but not an unattractive neighborhood populated with beach lovers who come in all ages and sizes.
For decades, foxy chicks have loitered on the Cherry to attract stares before feigning indignation at being gawked.
Nothing about that had changed much over the decades except for the shrinkage of womens bathing suitsone of the very few ways the modern world had improved the good-old days.
The records in Brad Fishers office showed Susan Talmadge to be thirty-eight years old, the same age as her stepmother, Clarice.
No, I never asked Clarice her age.
Once a man got to know the modern woman he could ask if she was wearing a bra, even panties, but it would always remain tacky to ask her age.
Clarice had once told me she was exactly half her husbands age, and I had attended Garsons seventy-sixth birthday the month before.
I got to Susan Talmadges place around noon, a fourplex, two on the ground with two above.
I walked up wooden stairs and after two rings separated by reasonable patience, I rang once more, but my heart wasnt in the third attempt.
No answer was the risk of coming without being expected, but I didnt like people I planned to interrogate to have prior notice of my arrival.
On the way down the steps, my eyes stopped on one of the well-tanned feminine refugees from Cherry Beach crossing at the nearby intersection.
She was a full grown woman, not one of the older teens or young twenties that were common in the area.
She wore a yellow bikini, which except for not having the polka dots, could have been the itsy, bitsy, teeny, weenie, yellow-polka dot bikini made famous in a 60s song.
Through a well-executed plan I got to the bottom of the stairs just as she arrived at that point on the sidewalk.
I admit the plan was a bit adolescent, but most men from their teens to their final days remain adolescent about shapely women with abundant cleavage, so I felt a certain duty to maintain my good standing in the men-of-the-world club.
May I help you? Her hand rested on the railing, her little finger touching the side of my hand.
With the way she filled that bikini, she could definitely have helped me, but instead of going with that thought, I held firm to my manners.
Excuse me?
You just came down from my front door.
And youre blocking me from going up.
So, how can I help you?
Are you Sappho Talmadge?
Sappho is the name on my birth certificate.
But please call me, Susan.
Not Sue.
I hate that.
I introduced myself.
We shook hands.
Her come-on smile plus her curves totaled up to wow!
As for me, if my smile could walk it would have stumbled.
When she turned sideways and came onto the stairs our noses, and more, bumped as she edged past me.
I had come to surprise her, to catch her off guard.
Instead, she had surprised me.
I followed her yellow and tan parts up the stairs while trying to maintain my composure, and remember what I had come to find out.
Once inside, I said, Lets start fresh.
My names Kile.
Matt Kile.
Youre not exactly a small man are you?
I tried to be.
It just didnt work out.
She didnt offer me a tour, but a quick look around revealed she had an obvious flair for decorating: excellent contemporary furniture nicely accessorized with pillows and paintings.
She didnt give me a tour, but I could see the kitchen was off the living/dining room, and she had a patio with an unobstructed view of the Pacific, complete with a space heater, surf and gull sounds.
And a swing, not at all like the rope and tire hanging from a tree that my brother and I shared as kids.
This was a small swing suspended by white nylon rope, with a padded seat adorned by a pleasantly sized impression that told me Susan sat there often.
She brought out a pitcher of iced tea, poured two glasses, and sat on the lower half of her yellow two-piece swimsuit.
The upper yellow pieceI didnt know the right name for that kind of top, oysters on the half shell came to mindbut I had never seen an oyster of that size jiggle like that.
Actually I had never seen oysters of that size, jiggling or stationary; but I digress.
The half shell nearly disappeared when she cinched her crossed arms under her breasts.
Her body reminded me of her stepmother, Clarice, their playful sensualities also being very similar.
Im proud to say I also remembered the first question I came to ask.
I took a small sip of tea and steadied myself the way men always have in such circumstance, I glanced at her cleavage.
Its my theory that women who show cleavage want men to look, just not to leer.
Men can allow their thoughts to linger, just not the looks.
I didnt disappoint her or myself; the look didnt linger, but my thoughts did.
Then I swam deeper into the water that had washed me onto her shore.
Tell me about your relationship with your stepmother.
Shes got a great little pooch.
That Asta is a real sweetie pie.
Wheres the dog now?
Asta is with me.
With you?
Yeah.
Ive never had a dog.
Always figured that one day Id get a mans dog, but its just until Clarice gets out.
Gets out!
That bitch is a murderer, or is it a murderess?
She married Papa for his money.
When Papa wised up to that fact and decided to drop her out of his will, she killed him.
She could have filed for a divorce, I countered.
California is a community property state.
That presumes a 50-50 split of assets.
Presumes? She huffed, and then crossed her legs, leaving her top foot bobbing up and down the way Id seen lots of women foot bob.
And come to think of it, Ive never seen a man foot bob; it must be part of those differences folks talk about.
The signed prenuptial, she said, establishes that all Papas assets were his sole and separate property.
In it, she agreed not to make any claim challenging that point.
In return, Papa agreed that she would get a minimum of one million as long as she stayed with him until he died or ended the marriage.
The prenuptial also acknowledged he could use his will to leave her more if he chose to, but that he could change his will anytime at his sole discretion.
His executed will stipulates Clarice will get a full third along with Charlie and me.
If Papa took her out of the will, she would be back to the one mil in the prenup.
Thats your motive: about four million dollars.
You sound like a lawyer. I said, while watching her reverse the top gam in her crossed pair.
The new top foot was not a bobber.
And you strike me as a man pretty much at ease with himself.
I know who I am, what I believe in.
But you havent answered me.
I asked if you were a lawyer.
No, you didnt.
You said I sounded like a lawyer.
Thats a statement, not a question.
That sounded like a lawyer, too.
Are you an attorney?
I graduated from law school more than a year ago; I started later in life.
Since then Ive not taken a job.
Papa provides my brother and me with an annual stipend.
With that and some part time work, I get by.
Ill likely take serious employment someday.
Not sure if itll be the law.
Just havent had to decide, I guess.
Actually I already knew that Susan had gone to law school.
Clarice told me that Susan had attended the U.C.L.A.
School of Law, but Clarice wasnt certain if Susan had graduated.
I checked.
She had, with honors.
Susan uncrossed her legs, slid out of her sandals, and pulled her feet up onto the couch sideways, turning herself toward me.
I waited patiently, watching the entire maneuver and could not have imagined it being done with more  how should I describe it, style?
What kind of part time work?
I work at a few gentlemens clubs in the area.
Strictly fill in  Ah, yes.
The look.
Your middle-class judgment.
No.
No.
Thats your business.
I saw your expression.
You pulled it back, but it had already come.
Just for your information, I dont hook.
I give it away to whomever I choose.
At the clubs, I do some pole, frankly pole is really healthy work.
I also do laps, mostly younger men wanting a new experience, and you middle-aged guys.
Ouch.
That should even us up after my look, as you called it.
Do you want to change the subject?
I wish I had a few minutes ago. We shared one of those brief, polite laughs.
Tell me about your mother.
Im not clear on how that is relevant, she said in mild protest, but I dont mind.
Our mother was Iraqi.
Charlie and I are twins.
Did your dad live in Iraq when you two were born?
No.
Papa made business trips to Baghdad.
I dont know all that much about it.
He went there a few times a year.
Thats how he met our mother.
I hate to admit it, but I dont even know her name.
Papa told me once when we were young, but I just dont remember.
Were you raised in Baghdad?
No.
When we were babies, Papa brought us to France where we grew up.
He had a wife in Paris, and the three of us, Papa, Charlie and I, lived with her, and Papa continued his business trips to the Middle East.
Ten years ago Papa divorced his French wife, and we moved to the U.S. and became citizens.
Where did your father meet Clarice?
Here.
America, she said, then narrowed it still further, Long Beach.
Rumor is she worked as an escort, but in fairness, we dont know that for certain.
Ask her.
Shes your client.
Although, I suspect, youve been formally retained by her attorney, this Fisher guy.
You know, you two, Clarice and you, look a bit alike aside from your slightly darker complexion.
Its okay to say what you mean: our bodies are very similar.
We wear the same size clothes.
Shes a C-cup, Im a D, other than that were the same.
We have never shared clothing, however.
May I ask you something, Mr. Kile?
Sure, but drop the Mr. Kile.
Matthew?
I prefer Matt. _Although the way she said Matthew sounded a lot hotter than when Fidge said it._
All right, Matt.
Why are you helping that bitch?
She murdered Papa.
Shes only accused, not convicted.
You know that, being a law school grad.
Technically speaking thats true, but theres no doubt.
Ive explained her motive.
So, why are you helping her? Susan again crossed her arms below what she had described as D cups.
I let my look linger, breaking the rule.
She reached over, put her fingers under my chin and raised my stare back to her eyes.
She was with me that night, I said, early into the next morning.
I dont believe she did it.
I see. She raised her eyebrows this time.
You two have a thing?
Clarice had come down to talk with me, scared someone might kill your father.
She was frightened.
I tried to console her. I went on to tell Susan about the call for GarJarit would all come out anyway.
She came down after Papa had gone to bed for the night, Susan said, continuing her accusatory tone.
I can imagine how you consoled her, how she would want you to console her.
Nothing happened that night.
But you two have shared the sheets.
Clarice loves to get it on.
She told me so one night when we were both a bit soused.
Papa knew she did, and he understood she had needs he could no longer fulfill.
Still, she was always there for him when he could.
I give her that much.
When they first moved in, I thought your father was her father.
Hey.
It would have been out of character for her not to seduce you.
Matt, youre too much a hunk for her to pass up.
Susan got up, stepped around the coffee table and faced me teasingly while leaning forward to refill our tea glasses.
I crossed my legs, the effect being nothing like when she had crossed hers.
I added a throat clearing.
She sat back down, trumping both my leg crossing and throat clearing.
Okay, I said, weve established where I was the night your father was killed.
Where were you?
I danced at the club until it closed at two.
Right after that my brother called.
A few of the other girls and I got out of there about two-thirty and went to an all-night diner for some early breakfast.
Working on a pole can build up an appetite.
I imagined it would for her; for me Id work up the appetite watching her work the pole.
Where was your brother that night?
All I know is he was home when he called me.
He must have been out on his deck because I could hear his wind chimes.
Lets be a little less serious for a minute here.
Can I get you something stronger than ice tea?
Ive got most anything youd want.
Irish whiskey?
No.
Im sorry.
Im going to get some wine.
Join me?
Sure.
Thatd be nice.
Its white wine.
Okay?
I nodded, although I had never really known if white wine was for drinkers or people who wished to appear to be sophisticated drinkers.
She came back a moment later carrying two stemmed wine glasses.
The wine was obviously cold; the glasses were dressed in condensation.
Are you Irish? she asked.
With a name like Matthew Kile, whats to doubt?
But if you want proof, Ill let you pet my leprechaun.
Ive never heard it called that before.
I guess its small. She frowned.
All leprechauns are small, or so I hear.
Not too many Irishmen go around showing each other their leprechauns, so I dont really know how mine might compare with other leprechauns.
Will it stand at attention and take orders?
Willie sometimes has a mind of his own, but Willie lives to serve, my good woman.
Willie, huh, I guess yours must be special to have a name.
Im going to change the subject now, if thats all right?
Sure.
We can come back to Willie at any time.
As you said, Willie lives to serve; I assume that includes damsels in distress.
The story is that your dad was a broker of illegal weapons.
True?
He did some of that, years ago.
He quit before we left France.
Not that quitting made his doing it okay, but it does make it old news.
She stood again and went to the glass sliding door.
The sun hits the water every day about this time, reflecting into my living room. She used two pull chains.
The first drew the vertical Venetians across the glass; the second chain angled them closed.
The way I see it, I said, watching her walk slowly back to the couch, its possible, if not likely that someone from those days killed your father.
Someone who wanted to be sure the details of certain weapons deals didnt come out.
Could be. She sat back down, again curling her legs onto the cushion.
But I dont believe it, all thats back at least ten years.
Anyone concerned about that stuff wouldve killed Papa a long time ago.
Im telling you Clarice killed him for the oldest of reasons, money.
The way I hear it, your dad called your brother in the middle of the night to tell him he planned to cut Clarice out of his will, and then your brother called you.
Is this correct?
Yes.
That was the call I told you I got from Charlie just after the club closed.
Your brother still lives here in town, right?
A few miles from here, on Ocean Boulevard, I can give you the address?
I have it.
Susan escorted me to the door where she moved in close.
Have you been coming on to me, Mr. Kile?
Whatever made you think that, Ms. Talmadge?
Susan.
Whatever made you think that, Susan?
The interest you and Willie were taking in my bathing suit.
Would you like to come onto me, Mr. Kile?
I moved back one step.
Im trying to do my job.
I dont know if I was all that helpful, but hopefully I improved your working conditions.
Yes you did, and I thank you for that.
She stepped forward, erasing my step back and held my gaze with her own.
Unlike my stepmother, Im not married. Then she kissed me, not the grab-and- squeeze kind, more gentle, our bodies touching, but she kept her hands on my shoulders.
What are you doing? I asked.
Failing, if you cant recognize what Im doing.
Why?
I like you.
Everybody likes everybody when theyre kissing.
She slowly moved her hand down my arm and brought it around to a more central location.
My body rose to meet her.
Been a while, eh, Mr. Kile?
I decided not to mention my celibacy calendar.
Matt.
Please.
Been a while, eh, Matt?
There was no need to answer her.
* Chapter 7 Chapter 7{{{1 # Chapter 7
Charaxus Talmadge, known as Charles, lived on the eighth floor of a more modern and taller building than the one in which his sister lived.
I walked past the elevator and took the stairs.
Before I pressed the bell, the door opened with Charles Talmadge holding the inside knob.
We stood like two boxers center ring, without a referee to warn us about low blows.
He was wearing silver-rimmed dark glasses with reflective lenses.
I dont often trust people who totally hide their eyes.
His swarthy complexion and attitude gave him just the right look to attract the ladies who favored bad boys.
He was wearing a beige linen sport coat, black-pleated lightweight slacks, a black and tan tie, and a white silk shirt.
The belt loops in his pants were wider than common to mens pants.
He stepped forward; his tan silk socks peaking out over tasseled black-patent loafers, a fashion plate outfit.
It only took a first glance to know that Charles Talmadge had not grown up Mr. Rogers neighborhood.
He took off his shades and stuck them in the breast pocket of his jacket.
His eyes were dark enough to go with his black-wavy hair, yet somehow his two didnt exactly match, like holes in a working mans boot.
You didnt need to dress up on my account, I said, scoring the first low blow.
I dont like your manners, Mr. Kile.
They could likely use some improvement.
I keep working on them, but so far they havent gotten much better, maybe even a little worse.
I was on my way out when Susan called to say youd be here in five minutes.
I told her Id wait, although I see nothing to be gained by our talking.
Free weights and a pressing bench filled the area the developer had designed to be the dining room.
The left cut of his sport coat lumped slightly.
He was carrying a gun and was right-handed.
His answers, laboring under a self-imposed gag order, were short and gift- wrapped in surliness.
Despite the tough act designed to intimidate, my read was that, except when watching Sponge Bob reruns, most encounters intimidated him.
The act was all he had.
Our first few minutes together had gone nowhere and had gotten there fast.
You know who I am and why Im here, I said, trying to pick up the pace.
I work for the attorney representing your stepmother.
That bitch.
She made a great piece of ass.
I dont fault Papa for taking up with her, but a wife?
Not on her best day.
Papa had a great wife, but he left her in France.
This bitch was the new, younger version, but Papa wised up.
He told both Susan and me that he planned to axe her ass.
Kick her down to their prenup.
She found out and knocked him off.
Thats not true.
Garson only told you.
You told Susan.
Same thing.
Far from it, pal.
Generally he was saying the same things that Susan had said in her more stylish and respectable manner.
I figured they had rehearsed.
He had still not invited me in, but he had retreated far enough to reach around me and push his door shut.
Listen, Charaxus
Charles to you, Charlie to my friends, and you arent one of them.
Okay, Charles it is.
Your stepmother didnt kill your father.
Im trying to find out who did.
You oughta want that.
Okay if I sit down?
The cops have his killer.
In lockup shell sell her ass for much smaller rewards. He pressed his right palm against my chest.
Using his right hand was a mistake.
He couldnt reach his weapon.
Then he said, Time for you to go, and pushed.
I grasped his hand and twisted hard, levering his thumb toward his wrist.
I didnt say you could touch me.
You need to ask your sister for some lessons on how to treat visitors. He winced, bending at the knees to slacken the pressure.
I twisted harder.
Drop the tough guy act.
You look silly and it wont work. I let go of his thumb.
He flexed his right hand then slid it inside his jacket.
I put the flat of my hand over his hand which by now was over his holstered gun, then drove with my legs the way I had in my younger days pushing defenders off the line of scrimmage.
He stopped when his backside hit the closed front door.
His dark glasses fell out of his coat pocket and clattered on the floor.
I put my other forearm against his throat and leaned into it.
I also put my foot on top of his glasses.
I said, drop the tough guy act.
Youre no good at it.
Maybe it worked when you had your daddys rep backing you up.
Now youre just a silly pup trying to play with men.
Okay.
Okay. His shoulders slumped in childlike defiance.
Whatdaya wanna know?
For openers, where were you the night your father was killed?
I was at home most of the night.
I was here when Papa called, and when I called Susan.
How do you prove that?
I think it goes like this: you have to prove I wasnt.
I pushed my arm harder against his throat.
Then he said, A couple people saw me around.
I drove to a gym to work out on some equipment I dont have here, around ten oclock.
Then I stopped at the liquor store on the corner of Carson and Atlantic to get some beer.
What about later? I asked.
I met some friends at six for breakfast.
That doesnt tie it all down does it?
Hey.
It was just another night.
I wasnt into alibi building.
God bless America, Im innocent until proven guilty.
I took my arm from his throat, thrust my hand inside his jacket and pulled out his short-barrel Smith & Wesson.
After yanking out his silk shirt tail and using it to wipe my prints off the handle, I held the barrel and tossed the gun behind a chair in the far corner of the room.
While I did that he picked up his glasses.
When he saw they were broken, he threw them against the far wall.
I shoved him toward his dark-brown leather couch and sat on an ottoman fronting the matching chair in the corner.
Why would your dad call you in the middle of the night to tell you his plans?
Papa was impulsive.
Once he made a decision, he wanted to kick it into gear.
Your sister said your father used the two of you in his weapons deals. Susan hadnt actually said this, but I wanted to try out the idea to see if he would disagree.
He didnt do so right off, so I carried the idea forward.
She said, you were muscle, I would guess with some real muscle along to back your play.
And Garson used your sister to tantalize the mens eyes.
Sex and violence, a winning combination, and he kept it all in the family.
What a dad.
That would also explain your recent trips to France.
Charles wasnt about to offer much, so I kept making some educated guesses designed to either get confirmation through his not challenging them, or learn something if he did.
Lots of children work in the family business, Charles said.
As for Susan, there are guys all over Europe spanking their monkeys with thoughts of my sister.
Dad always said, Whatever it takes.
Get the deal done.
Theres too much money at stake to be squeamish. Not that I didnt help with a few wives now and again while Sis worked the husbands.
Now, now, gentlemen dont kiss and tell.
He smiled, adding a sound that made it a snigger.
Theres no percentage in you lying about your dads late night call.
Clarices attorney will get the phone records.
I figured somebody, likely the cops, would want verification, so I called and got my cell phone company to show me where I needed to go online to see and print a copy of my calls since the last billing.
May I get up?
Ill get it for you. I nodded.
It shows both my outgoing and incoming calls.
He handed it to me and sat back down.
Damn.
There it was, just like he said.
We had expected it would be, but seeing it still had a deflating affect.
Garson had called his son a little before two-thirty the morning that someone punched his ticket.
After that Charles had called his sister, just like Susan had said.
Ill need that back.
The cops may still want a copy.
Theyll get their own from the source. Fidge probably already knew what I had just confirmed.
My old partner was way ahead of me.
Your last trip to Europe, I said, closing a deal or bringing somebody into line?
That trip was all about pleasure, Mr. Kile, pure pleasure.
Oh, come on.
A handsome fella like you should be able to find lots of females that prefer the bad boy type without having to fly to France.
Shes an old friend.
Id give you her name, but its none of your business.
Papa quit running guns nearly fifteen years ago, five years before we permanently moved to the U.S.
For the fifteen years part of his story to be true, the dynamic duo of sister pussy and brother pain would have been flourishing during their mid-to-late teens and into their early twenties.
Im guessing that Susan could turn a mans head during those ages.
But Charles, muscle at that age?
No way.
Even now Charles wasnt tough enough to scramble a mans eggs.
Just so were clear, Charlie, I dont believe your father called you to tell you he planned to drop Clarice from his will.
You understand what Im saying?
Sure, that youre entitled to your opinion.
Both my sister and I will testify differently, and the attorney will testify he had set up an appointment after my father called to say he wanted to change his will.
So, your opinion wont mean shit.
Your mothers Iraqi.
Whats her name?
I never knew.
Sis says Papa told her once, but she doesnt recall.
I parried with the punk for another ten minutes without learning the full depth of his shallowness.
I considered bouncing him off a few walls.
He wouldve cracked like a raw egg, but it wasnt the time for that.
Not yet.
I needed to know more first.
I also needed to think about how my doing that would have compromised the man I was working for, Brad Fisher.
* * *
On the way back to my place my cell rang.
It was Rose, my oldest daughter.
Whats this I see in the paper about you helping defend this woman, Clarice Talmadge?
Yes.
I am, I said while turning at the light and heading back toward Long Beach proper.
Are you sure you want to get back into investigation work?
No.
Im not sure.
But I felt compelled to do so in this instance.
Then its true.
What?
That woman was with you that night.
I saw her on TV.
Shes a beauty, although thats not what Mother called her.
Oh.
And what was that?
Mom said the woman must be a badge bunny.
Mother told me she was a badge bunny when she met you.
She also said you were too old now to be behaving like that, that you should know better.
She did, eh? I was nearing my building, so I pulled to the curb so as not to risk my phone dropping the call when I pulled into the underground garage.
Rose, for your information I hope Im never too old to behave that way.
But it was nothing like what youre suggesting.
Mother sounded jealous when she said it, too.
Its been ten years.
You mother and I are not getting back together.
Which of us are you trying to convince, Father?
And, yes, I told mom that as well when she said pretty much the same thing to me earlier.
Can I go, now, dear?
Have a good evening, daddy.
I love you.
I love you, too, Rose.
* Chapter 8 Chapter 8{{{1 # Chapter 8
If bigamy were legal, Id have stood right beside Fidge at his wedding and we would have both married Brenda, but bigamy isnt legal, so Brenda became Mrs. Fidgery.
Besides when they were wed, I had already been married and had two daughters.
As for Brenda, truth was I mostly loved her cooking, that and her personality.
She could be a bit dirty-mouthed at times, but never in front of her kids, and never in a meanspirited fashion.
She just loved to laugh and had a raunchy side that made me smile just to think about.
Fidge had already dropped his son off at Little League practice.
Their daughter, Becky, had spent Saturday night at a girlfriends house for a slumber party, a staple of Americana.
The girls were at the age where they would still be sleeping after staying up half the night whispering about which boys at school were the cutest.
Im not sure at what age females learn the word cute, but it is a decidedly female word.
Men do not say cute.
Maybe when referring to puppies or new born babies if the guy is in mixed company.
There are differences, you know, between the sexes despite what the modern folks say, and cute is one of those differences.
Have you ever heard a man say, Oh, that dress looks cute on you? No way.
Cute is not a guy word.
We may not have a lot that is left to us as pure guy stuff, but not saying _cute_ is one of our oases.
Brenda had made pancakes and eggs and bacon, and fresh tomato juice in a mean- looking machine that got me to imagining how it might be used to encourage some thug to confess.
Without their kids to help, the three of us would never finish all the food, but it was a grand feast, the kind made doubly good through being shared with the best of friends.
My old man deals with his boss, Two Dicks, all week, Brenda said, walking toward me.
When you come around, I get to deal with my own version of Two Dicks.
Hows it hanging Matthew?
Like Fidge, Brenda called me Matthew.
Probably because thats the way she had always heard her husband refer to me.
I kissed her on the lips, a peck, and hugged her, a brief closeness that answered her question.
She raised her eyebrows and said, Yummy.
Like I said, Brenda had a raunchy sense of humor.
And, like I said, I loved it.
She was fun.
We chatted until we were all stuffed.
Mostly talk of our respective families and some about my writing.
Over coffee, we talked politics hoping the subject didnt cause us indigestion.
We talked about the war and immigration, but mostly about how our elected officials, having mismanaged so much of the federal budget for so long, were now trying to right the ship by squeezing Social Security and cutting back on Medicare.
None of us were seniors yet, but wrong is still wrong.
Then Brenda broke up the table chatter.
Why dont you boys go on in the den so you can talk your serious shit.
I need to clean up in here anyway. She refilled our coffee cups and headed for the kitchen sink after Fidge gave her a love swat on her backside.
Brenda was a mans woman.
She looked back and said, Later, after the company leaves, before the kids get home.
Just before we walked out of the room, she hiked her house dress halfway up her thighs, pinning it against the front of the counter.
Matthew, she said, I told the kids to be home by two, so dont you be taking up all our time. She wiggled her ass to punctuate her message.
She did have great legs, particularly in the eyes of a man in my condition.
In the den, Fidge pulled the door shut.
Brad Fisher is defending Clarice Talmadge, right?
I nodded.
You know, Fishers tight with Two Dicks.
What?
Their mothers are lifelong gal pals.
The two families get together from time to time.
This situation just keeps getting better and better, I said while shaking my head.
Well, Matthew, by now youve likely learned that the reputed late night phone calls between the victim and his kids happened.
The old guy had planned to put his wife out to pasture.
The first part, sure, I said, before taking a heat-checking sip of my coffee.
The calls happened, but Susan got it secondhand from her brother, not from her father.
Fidge took a half pint of brandy from a drawer and added a jiggers worth to his coffee.
He pointed the bottle toward me.
I held up my cup.
He splashed some in.
Have you checked on the two kids stories about where they were?
Yeah.
Although, they arent exactly suspects.
They could graduate.
Did they check out?
Susans is airtight.
Charles is a bit loose, but it would have to run like a Swiss watch for him to be the places we confirmed he was, plus driving time, and get over to knock off his daddy.
So Charles is unlikely, but possible.
It would be reaaaal tight.
You know, Matthew, weve never been on opposite sides of a case before.
It do seem odd.
I moved my head back and forth like a slow motion Kobe Bryant fake before going up for a jumper.
No big deal.
We both want the killer put away, that puts us on the same side.
We just dont agree on who that is.
True, Fidge said.
But I got somebody in custody for that role.
You dont.
Not yet, but Im working on it.
We sat for a minute or two, just sipping.
Not sure what to say or not say.
Fidge had been right.
Things were surely different from how we worked together in the old days.
I cant believe how your kids have grown, I said finally.
Youre getting old, not Brenda, just you.
It happens, Matthew.
So, how much should we tell each other about this case?
Problem being we both can expect to eventually be on the stand, not that we havent fudged on our testimony a time or two in the past.
I smiled.
Anything you say to me that is off the record, I will never repeat to anyone whether or not Im sworn in.
Fidge nodded.
Same here, however that could mean we may not be able to use stuff if wed have to disclose the other was the source, even if using it would help our position.
In the end, all that means is that well each officially know only what we would have known without what we tell each other, if we hadnt opened up.
I agree, even without asking you to explain what the hell you just said. We laughed and clanked our beverage containers, making our agreement in the same manner real men had been making agreements since the beginning of beverage containers.
Okay, then, Fidge said.
Now that we have that out of the way, lets get to work.
We talked for about an hour and it turned out Fidge had very little I didnt know, and I had nothing he didnt know other than that the kids mother was Iraqi.
The cops had sworn statements from Charles and Susan, with the phone records in support.
Fisher and I had expected all that.
They also had three neighbors ready to testify about Garson and Clarice arguing loudly for days.
That was no surprise.
Several wives were eager to testify about Clarice and their husbands, although from my way of looking at it the husbands had made their own decisions and were equally wrong as Clarice.
Still, the most widely held view in our society said women on the make were not supposed to bark up another womens tree.
Clarices prints were not on the murder weapon, the cops explanation: she used the scarf.
They were betting that not many could scale the outside of the building to reach the Talmadges fourth floor balcony, and there were no clawing marks on the balcony edge or railing.
Fidge admitted that position was flimsy, that a killer could come up the outside using a padded grappling hook and basic rope-climbing skills.
The killer coming in that way, however, from what was known, could not exit that same way.
It would be impossible to close the door behind him to two inches and make it to the rail without leaving an exit footprint.
The killer could have left using a key taken from inside the house, but Garsons key was in his pocket and Clarices key was in her purse.
In her statement, Clarice had said the household had no spare key.
As for other keys, the building had tight key control, and all keys had been accounted for.
Fidge also made me say again that I never had a key to the Talmadge condo.
This line of thinking led us to the obvious, if the killer had somehow gotten a key to aid his exit, then he would not have needed the Ninja bit on the outside wall to get in.
This take on it suggested the zigzag footprint on the deck might be unrelated to the murder.
Fidge confirmed he had not found a shoe with the sole print pattern that matched the balcony footprint and had been unable to tie it to any building workman or service provider.
He didnt see that print as much of anything.
It remained a loose end which meant it would be hard for either the defense or prosecutor to make much out of it.
The mystery of it could help Fisher if he could tie in something else suggestive of an outside killer.
I shared my suspicions about the two kids killing their father.
Fidge shrugged off all of that.
I could see why.
Matthew, you know your involvement with this dame is going to come out.
I had to put it in my report, you know, the part about her claiming to have been with you in your place.
Of course, the press got it.
This is a juicy story, old guy with millions and a sexy younger wife; the media will shadow us every step of the way.
I understand.
I know you couldnt avoid it. Fidge nodded, his head lowered a bit while he did.
Fidge and I had absorbed all the coffee and brandy and wishful thinking we could.
So we broke off our discussions, agreeing we would talk again when one of us had something substantive to share.
I found Brenda in the kitchen baking beer bread.
I thanked her for the best breakfast Id had since, well, since the last time Id eaten with her family.
And she thanked me for leaving a couple of hours before the kids were due home.
The woman had an overactive sex drive; although I admit not knowing where the line is that one crosses to be oversexed.
But their lovemaking was a good thing.
It was about the only aerobic exercise in Fidges life.
* Chapter 9 Chapter 9{{{1 # Chapter 9
Susans a real fox, I said to Brad Fisher while we talked on the phone as I drove home from having breakfast with Fidge and Brenda.
Shell make a strong witness for the D.A.
Fortunately she didnt hear anything directly from her father, only through her brother who will not likely be a good witness.
Daddys efforts to make Charles into an enforcer failed miserably.
He doesnt have the spine for it.
Hell open up like an oyster if we ever need to crack our way in.
What did you find out from the two of them? Fisher asked.
Their stories were similar enough to suggest a rehearsal.
Susan is a law school grad so shes likely trying to coach her brother, but hes a chauvinist, so hes refusing her direction to some degree.
We may be able to play them against one another at some point.
The cops have checked their alibis and they seem okay, at least for now.
So you got nothing heavy duty?
Susan confirmed her real mother was Iraqi.
Charles Talmadge showed me his cell phone statement to date for the month.
He had gone online and printed it.
Be prepared, and all that stuff.
The call from his dad was there, just like he told the cops.
But we were expecting that.
So, yeah, Ive got nothing heavy duty, but were only in the second inning.
Ive gotten a copy of the in-and-out calls on Garson Talmadges phone, Brad said.
The old guy called his son all right.
Then he must have turned his phone off, but there was a message later from his daughter.
The phone records show the two of them didnt talk before he died.
Anything significant in her message?
No.
Just, call me, Papa.
We need to talk.
So thats it?
The victims phone records showed no history of calls real late at night between Garson and either of his kids.
So something out of the ordinary was going on that night.
Those calls will score for the D.A.
Hell, those calls are an NBA three-pointer, Brad said while I turned onto Ocean Boulevard.
The jury will assume family calls that time of night to have been about something big, like a decision to change a will.
Anyway, we cant do much about any of that.
You need to find me something that will call his kids veracity into question, particularly the son because Susan didnt actually talk to her father.
Like the song says, right now, _I got plenty of nothin_.
Maybe a few feelings I cant square in my mind.
Such as?
Garson mustve been a cold-blooded son of a bitch to raise his son to be muscle in the dangerous world of weapons deals.
Charles also said something about the old man using Susan to seduce customers, offer bribes or curry favors in some fashion.
What father would do that?
Saying it was like having a piano fall on me, but Brad said it first.
What if hes not their father?
Thats just what I was thinking, I said.
We got no reason to question he is, other than youd have to be a class-A prick to use your kids that way.
How do we find out?
Id like your okay to go to EuropeFrance, to start.
But first I need to find some names and addresses over there, somebody who might know something.
If his death is a carryover from his gun running days, the answers are over there, not here.
Ive got a copy of Garsons immigrations application, Brad said.
It came in by courier late Friday, also his ten-year-old citizenship application.
A glance is all Ive taken so far.
There was one address in France, dont recall whose.
Sappho and Charaxus are definitely shown as his children, I did notice that.
They came over with him.
You at the office? I asked.
At home.
You got an hour?
Lets meet at your office.
Let me get a look at that stuff.
I might find a French connection.
I can be there in twenty, Brad said.
I cant stay long.
My in-laws are coming over for a late-afternoon barbeque.
We were about to hang up when Fisher paused the way people do when they are deciding whether or not to say something more.
Then he did.
Im going to see Clarice tomorrow at noon.
Its mostly technical legal mumbo-jumbo.
But in light of this discussion, Id like you there as well.
I have never spoken to her about France, Garsons ex, the background on his two kids or any of that stuff.
Have you and she ever talked about any of that?
Not a word.
Well, before we send you off to France, we should.
Women rarely marry a man who has been married previously without asking about the prior marriage, any kids, where they lived, like that.
Gals are different from guys that way.
Europe, even France is a big place without something to point you somewhere.
Ill come by your office at eleven in the morning.
Well go together.
We can kick it around some more on the way.
Im expecting a copy of Garsons will tomorrow morning, also the prenuptial.
They should arrive before you do.
Now, lets get moving, remember my wifes folks are coming.
See you in twenty minutes.
Well be done in time for your barbeque.
Take some pictures.
Id love to see how you look in an apron, maybe one of those tall chefs hats.
A red scarf would be a nice touch, or perhaps a wine sommeliers pewter saucer on a chain around your neck.
You are a writer, arent you?
We hung up listening to each other laugh.
* * *
Forty minutes later, I drove up the embankment from the underground parking in Brad Fishers building.
On the car seat beside me lay a folder holding copies of Garsons immigration and citizenship papers.
On both documents, Garson had listed a Paris address.
At the time Garson applied to come here on a temporary basis, he had listed the address as his home.
Years later, when applying for citizenship, he had listed the same address as his home before coming to America.
Maybe his ex-wife, Chantal, still lived there.
Odds said no, but maybe the French were less transient than modern Americans.
Brads staff had been unable to come up with a phone number for the ex.
We were hoping Clarice would point me in some clearer direction.
* Chapter 10 Chapter 10{{{1 # Chapter 10
Sometime late last night, or early this morning, the fog had again sailed into Long Beach like a silent armada.
Only, unlike the armadas of history, natures invading force had proceeded ashore to bring together cars that were otherwise trying to avoid each other.
The damp shroud blanketed everything that existed within its domain.
As I approached the front of Brad Fishers building, the morning sun had burned off enough of the fog to bring into view the blurry red, then blurry green traffic light at the next intersection.
* * *
Brad and I got to the jail a few minutes before ten.
On the short drive out, I asked Brad about his relationship with Captain Richard Dickson.
Fidge had gotten it right, pretty much anyway.
The two mens mothers had been very close for sixty years.
More like sisters than friends.
Out of respect, each of the men called the others mother, aunt.
Brad knew about the men in blue calling Captain Dickson, Two Dicks.
When I said it, Brad smiled like he understood.
After we checked in at the jail and went through security, a youngish officer with a crew cut wearing a tightly filled guard shirt and highly-polished boots, the kind with toes hard enough to drop a recalcitrant inmate to his knees, jerked his head toward a hallway and then walked that direction.
We followed his head nod, assuming it meant he would escort us to our client.
He did.
If people are presumed innocent until proven guilty, why are they held in jail pending trial?
Why do they need to post bail, when bail is allowed, so they can get out?
Until convicted, theyre supposed to be presumed innocent of all charges, arent they?
If so, they should be able to walk right out, subject to a legal obligation to show up for trial.
I know.
I know.
The overwhelming majority, being guilty as charged, would find a hole somewhere or skip the country.
But the point is if they are presumed innocent, why dont they have the right to find a nice warm hole or to expatriate themselves?
Innocent and free should go together, shouldnt it?
Ive always wondered about that.
As a cop it never troubled me, because the ones Fidge and I arrested we knew were guilty.
The only remaining question being whether some silver-tongued shyster would twist the very rules of justice, against itself, or otherwise befuddle the jury sufficiently to make them see reasonable doubtor at least its shadow.
The guard put us in one of the jails private rooms reserved for lawyers and clients to plan their strategies.
Nothing sneaky, of course, no conniving, of course, everything legal, of course, just good old-fashioned, honest-to- goodness lawyering.
A few minutes later, Clarice was let in through a different door.
She looked a bit better than when I saw her the last time.
More resigned to her situation, accepting of it, deflated.
Deflated better described her state of mind than accepting of it.
Even her boobs appeared lower.
I didnt think that could happen with implants.
Maybe her sag was just part of the going-nowhere-doing- nothing-incarceration slouch with which I was all too familiar.
Clarices personality also seemed flatter.
Were bosoms and attitudes somehow related?
Then again, anyone would get down staying in a cold, sad place filled with the sounds and smells of fear, not to mention gas and unwashed armpits.
She sat down.
More like plopped down in a scarred wooden chair and lazily crossed her arms resting them on her lap.
She had little to say in reply to Brads comments and questions regarding the legal proceedings.
Her yes and no answers often expressed with a movement of her head rather than her mouth.
That is, they were until we started discussing what she recalled about Garsons time in Europe and his ex-wife.
Not that her spirit perked up, her answers just necessarily got longer.
My guess is his ex  Charlene, I think, she began.
Chantal, I corrected, taking a seat in the remaining chair.
I had remained standing while Brad and she had been discussing the legal mumbo-jumbo, as Brad had characterized it.
Yeah.
Thats it, Chantal, Clarice said, a classy name dont you think?
My guess, I dont know, you understand, but my guess is shed still be there.
Every month Garson sent a check over to pay a lot of her bills.
He never mentioned her moving.
Then again, he never really talked about her much after we got married.
As part of their divorce, Tally had agreed to pay that stuff for Chantal and her sister, as long as either of them lived.
He wanted to be free of her before he applied for U.S. citizenship.
He also gave her a big wad of cash on the front end.
How did he feel about having to put out all that money? Fisher asked, loudly scooting his metal chair back on the cement flooring.
My non-matching chair had wooden legs.
Clarices chair was more like Brads only those two didnt match either.
It pissed him off to no end, Clarice said.
Tally would rant and rave about how she had him over the barrel at the time.
He wanted a quickie divorce, while she was in no hurry.
The way he tells it, she bled him before giving in.
His will, I said, having read it quickly before leaving Brads office, showed a trust fund would be established to be sure those payments continued as long as Chantal lived, or her sister, Camille Trenet, lived.
I dont think, Fisher said, Ive ever known of a divorce agreement and will that provided, even on a contingent basis, payments to a spouses siblings.
That is odd, I said, as if my observation added something substantive.
Tally wasnt a benevolent man, Clarice said, not in the slightest.
So, when he told me about that one night after a few bottles of wine, I figured his ex knew something heavy duty.
My opinion at the time was there was more involved than simply Tallys desire for a quick divorce.
I mean, he didnt really need to be divorced first, at least I dont think he did.
He just wanted to be before entering the U.S.
Right then, something slammed against the wall outside the door.
I assumed our escorts steel toed boots had been put to use.
The noise settled down and we continued our discussion.
Okay, Brad said, taking a blank legal pad from his case.
Lets talk about some new things.
Tell us everything you know about his two kids.
Whats to tell?
One boy, one girl, both adults, at least as to age.
Susans an intelligent, beautiful and poised woman.
She can handle herself anywhere in any company.
Charlie is an empty suit.
That had been my assessment as well.
If the fast food restaurants sold men, he would have been the ninety-nine-cent special.
He tries to be tough, Clarice said, continuing her answer.
Tally pushed him in that direction.
I dont know why.
But Charlie just doesnt have it.
Call his bluff and he fades.
Not a bad looking guy, if you dont mind his lack of brains and balls.
Still, he often spoke of his doing some strong arm work for his father, but he always took along a couple of bonafide bouncer types when he did.
He used to brag on it some.
He was always tryin to puff up his image, little comments that always drew stern shut-up looks from his father.
And this was after the three of them moved to the U.S.? I asked.
Oh, sure, she said.
I didnt meet Tally until after they came stateside.
So these activities continued after that?
Yes.
The most recent time was about a year and a half ago.
You know, theyre claiming your husband planned to cut you out of his will, Brad said.
Drop you back to the prenup.
Do you think Garson would do that?
Probably.
But Tally is the type that would have told me the next time he got angry.
And Lord knows the man got angry lots the last few days.
So, no, I dont think so.
He would have thrown it in my face, and he didnt.
Maybe he just decided that night, Brad said, just before he called Charlie.
That would have left him no time to gloat.
Possible, Clarice admitted.
Anythings possible, but the order is still wrong. Brad and I looked at her inquisitively.
She clarified.
Tally always first bounced things off Susan, not Charlie.
Tally knew she was the smart one.
My husband respected brains.
His son always found things out later, mostly after the decision had been made.
He did call Charles, Brad said.
We have the phone records.
Then, Clarice replied, he called Charlie about something else, something routine.
No, I said.
People dont make routine calls at two-thirty in the morning, particularly not at your fathers age.
I dont know, Clarice said.
But I do know he never called Charles to talk about important stuff.
Even when he thought he had made up his mind, hed say, I wanna hear Susans thoughts on this before I do it.
Brad and I looked at each other.
It wasnt that we didnt believe her.
Then I said, What shes saying fits with my take on the two kids.
I dont doubt you, Matt, but that wont cancel out the picture the DAll paint for the jury using those phone records, the kids testimonies, and his call to his attorney to set an appointment to amend his will.
Brad looked hard into Clarices eyes.
Is Garson their father?
Clarice didnt move except for her eyes getting wider.
The question was too plain to be misunderstood.
For a good part of a minute, she stared back and forth between Brad and me.
Golly.
Wow, she finally said.
Where did that come from?
Okay.
The question surprised you, but answer it, I said.
We waited, listening to the hum from a wounded light ballast, the only sound in the windowless room.
He said so, she began.
I had no reason to think otherwise.
If not, he never told me.
Why?
The prosecution will present a loving father and two children.
Then you come along and marry the old man for his money.
Theyll trot out the wives in the building to testify about your doing their husbands, also that you and the deceased fought regularly near the end.
Then Garson wises up and calls his attorney screaming, Im going to change my will. Before he can, hes killed.
Juries, being parents themselves, dont want to think kids kill their fathers for money.
Somehow we need to tip over that cart.
Setting children up as alternative suspects is dicey, but if we can just tarnish the kids a little, make them less likeable, it could help a lot.
Clarice just sat there.
Maybe for the first time getting a clear look at the mess she was in.
Brad needs to discredit as much of that as possible, I said.
Garson hadnt told his attorney how he wanted to change his will.
We can expect the jury to assume he planned to cut you out.
Why?
A man wouldnt cut his children out of his will.
Would he?
Maybe he would, if they werent his kids.
Clarice tugged on the fabric of her jail suit.
Then she crossed her legs, without being provocative, although it was hard for Clarice to do anything without ringing man-bells.
They have the phone records and Garsons attorneys testimony, Brad said, picking up where I had left off.
I need to be able to knock some of that off kilter.
Matt here will be working hard at finding out more about Susan and Charles.
Also, about Garsons gun running.
What can you tell us about that?
Clarice shrugged.
He always insisted he was out of that business, not that I completely believed him.
Why didnt you completely believe him? I asked.
He would get some really serious phone calls, from Susan mostly.
Theyd talk French.
I couldnt follow any of it, except that I could tell it was serious shit.
Also, Charlie sometimes flew to France.
What about Susan? I asked.
I dont recall her going to Europe.
But she drove up to L.A.
I dont think Garson knew she did that.
How did you?
She came by one day, just before lunch.
Tally took her out on the balcony to talk, and their conversation was very animated.
I stuck my head out to say I was going shopping.
I drove up to Enterprise, just a few blocks, left my wheels and rented a car.
I followed her.
Why would you do that? Brad asked.
Curiosity mostly, I dont know, maybe they just talked in private when I was there one too many times.
Maybe I was just being melodramatic.
I started wondering what Sue did with her days.
By the way, she hates being called Sue so dont do that unless youre trying to piss her off.
Anyway, after she left college, I expected shed take a job, but she didnt.
Tally always gave her, both of em, plenty of money.
Susan was appreciative; Charlie always wanted more.
Truth was they were both capable of supporting themselves, especially Susan.
Thats when I started figuring Tally had gone back to moving weapons, if he had ever stopped.
Over time I just got fed up with the way he and his kids would look at each other and then talk French when I was around.
That morning, my curiosity just got the best of me.
I tailed her.
And? We asked, nearly in concert.
Susan drove up to L.A., out near U.C.L.A.
on the west side.
She parked in a lot near the Medical Center.
By the time I got parked, I lost her in the busy Westwood shopping area.
I was about to give up when I caught a glimpse of her rounding the corner onto Wilshire Boulevard.
Im not all that familiar with that neighborhood.
I cant recall whether she turned left or right on Wilshire.
What time of day was that? I asked.
By then, Id say mid-afternoon, twoish or so.
When you saw her walking around the corner onto Wilshire, I said, was the sun at her back or in her face?
It was high, Clarice said.
I cant really say in which direction in relation to Susan.
No.
Wait a minute.
When I got to the corner and looked up Wilshire in the direction she had gone, I had to squint because the sun was in my face.
But I never saw her on Wilshire after she turned.
By then she would have been more than a block ahead.
She was headed west, I said, into the setting sun.
Thats why you had to squint.
I didnt say anything in front of Clarice, but the FBI Field Office for the greater Los Angeles area was on Wilshire not too far west from where Susan had turned the corner.
What that meant, I had no idea.
Odds were it meant absolutely nothing.
There were many other stores and offices in that same direction.
I switched the subject again.
Garsons ex-wife, is she French?
The kids appear to have some Middle Eastern in them.
What can you tell me about the mother?
Tally didnt say a lot.
I mean, like I said before, he told me he had a French ex-wife, not an Arab wife.
That he paid her off and got his divorce.
Was he married before her?
I dont know.
I dont think so.
Were Susan and Charles her children?
The French wifes, Brad said to clarify his question.
Ive been to France, I said, a few times.
There are a lot of Middle Easterners in France.
She could be a French citizen of Middle Eastern descent.
That would cover the ethnicity, Brad said, but she could have been given the French name, Chantal, despite her Iraqi origin.
Susan didnt recall her mothers name, I said for Clarices benefit, but she did say Garson had told her that her mother was Iraqi. I paused to engage her eyes.
How come Garson had a typewriter?
I mean, hardly anybody has one these days, particularly if they also have a computer.
He watched some movie where they mined a guys computer to find even the stuff he had deleted.
After that Tally went out and bought a used typewriter.
When did he use it? Brad asked.
For personal correspondence, at least thats what he always said.
I cant be certain.
He kept that stuff to himself.
Before we left, Brad brought up the media conjecture about Clarice having been at my place the night Garson had been killed.
We may have to think about changing detectives. He looked at me, You understand, Matt?
I nodded.
I did.
But Clarice would have none of it.
No way, she said.
No change.
Thats final.
Matt knows how to investigate homicides.
He knew Tally, and he knows me.
Itd be a mess bringing a new one up to date, and I would never trust anyone else like I do Matt.
For now, Brad said, fine.
But we may need to visit this again.
* * *
When we were back in Brads car, he said, Its time for you to rack up some frequent flyer miles.
First, I said, Ill go see Susan.
Ive got Clarices dog, Asta.
Susan likes Asta, so Ill drop the mutt off with her.
Maybe I can learn something more before I leave for France.
Garson and the kids were with that ex-wife until they came to America.
Susan ought to be able to clear up the confusion between her having said that her mother was an Iraqi, and also saying that her fathers ex was a woman named Chantal.
However, none of this establishes these two women are not one and the same, an Iraqi woman with a French name.
I dont think so, Brad said.
Garson and his kids were in France long enough that if his ex and the kids Iraqi mother was the same woman, Susan would have said her mothers name was Chantal, not some Iraqi name she couldnt recall.
Makes sense, I said.
But lets hear what Susan has to say about that and then try for corroboration in France.
* Chapter 11 Chapter 11{{{1 # Chapter 11
I called Susan Talmadge who eagerly agreed to take custody of Asta for a few days.
My flight left at ten on Tuesday morning, so at seven Monday night I dropped Asta off at Susans upstairs condo near Cherry Beach.
Its nice to see you again, Matt Kile, Susan said as soon as she opened the door.
She took the lucky dog into her arms.
I was envious, but I turned and went back down to the car to get the dogs dish and sleeping pillow, a nearly full bag of dry food and a box of doggie treats.
The whole thing made me feel domestic.
When I came back up the stairs, Asta had her nose against the screen, her excited feet tap dancing on the tile insert just inside the door, her tail keeping time with a dance tune only Asta heard.
After I stepped inside, the pooch dashed down the hall to check out her new digs.
Susan was in the kitchen, from where I heard a high-speed light motor.
A moment later the dog passed through the living room heading toward the kitchen likely to search out the floor spot where she expected her dog dish would soon be located.
I sat down on the long couch just as Susan came in carrying a pitcher of blended Margaritas.
That explained the whirling sound I had heard.
In her other hand she held two glasses.
She put all that on the coffee table next to a clear glass plate crowded with crackers and slices of cheese, precut to fit the crackers.
I havent had a chance yet to pick up any Irish, I hope these margaritas will substitute?
I love margaritas, thank you.
You look tired, have you eaten anything? she asked.
I scrambled two eggs this morning, nuked some bacon and washed it down with some Irish.
Would you like something more?
I could light the BBQ and make us a burger?
After some more back and forth about food and my inappropriate choice of Irish as a morning juice, I convinced her margaritas and cheese and crackers would be enough.
I hadnt been expecting even that.
She had not put on her yellow bikini, but looked just as delicious in an orange halter top with a plunging rounded neckline, perfectly complemented by the rich tan of her smooth skin.
Below the top was a pair of beige linen shorts, gathered in the front by a drawstring bow.
Gold sandals gripped her feet that had nails painted to match her orange top.
Is this the treatment your father trained you to give his customers?
No, Matt, this is a woman showing interest in a man.
Do you have a problem with that?
Not for a minute.
Im flattered.
Good.
You said youd have a few questions when you dropped off Asta.
Susan, can I ask you something right off?
Actually, I have to.
Its part of my investigation.
Lets have it.
You told me that your mother was Iraqi, but that you didnt recall her name.
Thats right.
Asta, having finished checking out the house, came over to Susan and licked the orange polish on her toes.
Susan smiled and wiggled her foot, but didnt shoo Asta away.
I fought off being jealous of Asta, and asked, You and your brother lived in France for several years with your dad and his French wife, Chantal?
Yes.
I liked Chantal.
She was fun, but Papa divorced her and we came to America.
I havent seen or heard from Chantal since.
She took the divorce hard.
Then Chantal is not your mother?
Oh, no.
But we thought of her like she was our mother until Papa told us we were going to America, and we were never again to speak of Chantal.
Our real mother was Iraqi.
We never knew anything about her until I was about ten.
Papa told us he had been close to our mother during his business trips to Iraq.
That he loved her, even though at the time he was married to Chantal.
What happened to your birth mother?
Do you know?
She died giving us birth.
You know, medical care for childbirth is not so good there.
Papa said he told Chantal about all of that and she accepted us as her children, even though we were not.
What else do you remember about your mother or your dads trips to Baghdad?
I only vaguely remember Papas trips to Iraq.
Actually, Im not sure whether I remember them or just that Ive always known he made them, so I think I remember.
He would just leave.
Be gone.
Maybe Chantal knew to where, but all we knew was Papa was gone on business.
As for our mother, you now know all I know.
Susan refilled our margarita glasses.
Charlie told me you stopped by the other day.
I decided to keep my answer short.
If she wanted to talk about my visit with her brother, I wanted her to do most of the talking so I might hear more of what she had been told by Charles.
Yes, I did.
He said you were rough on him.
I sat my glass on the table.
Your brother is not the welcoming kind.
Susan laughed.
You got that right.
He can be gruff at times.
Does gruff include pulling a gun? I took a cheese cracker.
He told me you took it away from him.
Is that true?
Yes.
You fought?
A little pushing, more like a scrum.
Did he tell you what you wanted to know?
He told me he called you after his father called him.
Is that correct?
Yes.
A few minutes later, you called your father to ask if what Charles had just told you was true.
Id tell you I called Papa for a different reason, but youd know that for anything else I would have waited until morning.
So, yes, thats why I called Papa that late.
And?
Papa had turned his phone off.
I left a message for him to call me.
Obviously, he never did.
Charles told me your father brought him up to be muscle for his business.
And he said that Garson raised you to be I didnt finish the sentence.
I admit it, she said without much hesitation.
Papa used me to influence men in France from whom he, shall we say, needed favors.
You must have resented that.
Not resented.
I was confused why he wanted me to do those things.
But I came to understand.
I dont understand your understanding, not feeling resentful.
He trained me to be a seductress, for lack of a better word.
Although, it was not all that often that it went beyond flirting, enticing, teasing.
A few dates and some weekend trips, that was part of it, too.
Why do you think he did that?
It was an expected part of his business.
I filled out early, and the men liked me.
I didnt mind being a seductress.
Perhaps I would have become one anyway.
You understand a seductress is different than a hooker, dont you Matt?
I think I do.
One day I want to marry.
The skills Papa brought ladies in to teach me will allow me to heighten my husbands joys.
So, in the end, all I did was have sex with a dozen or so men, that looking back, I wish I hadnt.
But which woman can look back and not say the same thing?
Im sorry; I still think its lousy for a father to do that to a teenage daughter, for that matter, for any man to.
It wasnt all that hard.
Once I figured out what men wanted, it got easier.
And what is it that men want? I asked.
Beyond the obvious, they want you to be their mother, or their daughter, maybe their addiction.
Which do you want me to be?
Not my mother or daughter or sister or aunt for that matter.
I never knew either of my grandmothers that well, so Im not taking applications to fill that position either.
I guess that leaves addiction.
But not yet, Ive got a case Im working first.
Trouble is, youre part of that case.
I just dont know which part.
Not yet anyway.
Susan chewed her second cheese cracker.
I had no idea swallowing, at least swallowing a cracker, could be sensuous.
But when she did, it was.
Then she asked, What I did, for Papa, you know, does that change your impression of me?
I took another drink before replying.
One thing being a cop taught me, Susan.
People from all walks are often quite different than what one might expect.
Ive met preachers I wouldnt trust to carry the offering to the altar.
Ive also met some hardworking hookers with a lot of class, even a burglar who operates under his own moral code.
Its where a person is, who they really are, where theyre going with their life that matters, not what events in the past that they couldnt control required of them.
Now thats as philosophical as Im going to get.
I like you, Matt Kile.
I like what you said.
I dont want you to go yet, and I dont want to talk about my Papas business or my brothers bad manners.
Tell me about your family.
Asta came to my side, appearing satisfied with what she had learned during her inspection of the premises and her sniffing and licking of Susans feet.
The dog touched my hand with her wet nose and then snuggled up against my shoes.
All reasonably intelligent animals sense fear.
Dogs sense more.
Asta had figured out that I was leaving.
Maybe Asta was also feeling lucky, while I was gone, she would get to sleep with Susan, at least curl up with her.
And probably get to lie on the fluffy bathroom rug while Susan showered.
Damn lucky dog, I thought before answering Susans question.
Im divorced, nearly eight years now.
My ex and our children live in Downey.
Thats about twenty-five miles inland from here.
How long were you married?
Fourteen years.
Im forty-six.
My ex is forty-three.
We have two daughters.
Susan continued to ask questions about my family.
I went on to tell her that my daughters were smart and pretty, and, of course, that I was completely objective in that assessment.
Rose, my oldest, is twenty-one, dropped out of college and took a job with Farmers and Merchants Bank.
She is engaged with a June marriage in the planning.
Amy is one year younger, has skipped a year in high school and is attending Harvard, studying accounting.
Shes also busy picking between a super brain who is into computer design and a bad-boy biker.
You likely know which one I prefer.
Shes also green with envy over her sister getting married.
How would you describe things now between you and your ex?
After thousands of years of language, there is no word that describes it succinctly.
But good comes close.
We share our children, but thats about it.
I wish her well.
She feels the same, I think.
Therell be no reconciliation.
Weve grown apart.
Susan stood.
I dont want to keep you too long because you fly out in the morning.
Can I see you when you get back?
Susan, I owe Brad Fisher, Clarices attorney, not to mention Clarice herself.
I know you dont think much of your stepmother  that you
Oh, shes not such a bad sort, not really, Susan said.
Were probably more alike than either of us cares to admit.
Still, she killed Papa, so I can never wish her well.
If that proves out, I understand.
Perhaps we should leave it at that.
Goodnight.
Matt.
Let me try to say it better.
I want to see you when you get back, not to talk about what you learned.
Leave the case in your car before you come upstairs.
Okay?
I may have more questions Ill need to ask you after I get back.
Ill be here.
Besides, youll need to come get Asta.
I was half way out the door when I remembered.
Oh, I said while turning back to face her, another question, sorry. She smiled.
I need names in France, Europe, in the Middle East.
Men your dad worked with or for.
Men you saw when helping your father.
You have to understand I was a teenager and in my twenties during that time.
Many times Papa just gave me a first name for the men.
As I got older I realized the names were not their real names.
I wish I could help more.
You dont remember anyone?
Maybe the companies they worked for or their positions in the government.
Only one.
I never had his name, but I saw his picture in the paper a few weeks after Papa had me go away with him for the weekend.
I do recall the picture caption identified him as a government official.
I want to say an undersecretary in the defense department, thats a translation, of course, also a guess.
I doubt this is of any help, but its all I have.
Would you recognize a picture of him?
Maybe.
Yeah.
I think so.
Susan kissed me on the cheek.
Will you come see me when you get back?
Stay longer?
Id have to be a statue not to want to.
You make me think of a fireplace burning on a foggy morning and drinking fresh-squeezed orange juice while snuggling under a down comforter.
But all that will have to wait until this thing is over.
Then, should you still want to  well, well see.
She leaned in and kissed me on the other cheek, and whispered, More later.
I left the only suspect from whom I had ever received a kiss on the cheek, let alone a promise of more later.
* Chapter 12 Chapter 12{{{1 # Chapter 12
I stopped at the grocery store and bought a prepaid cell phone and used it to call Malloy.
I didnt remember his first name.
I had only seen the man once since I got out of jail, when I had needed a duplicate key made.
I wasnt sure he was still in business or would admit to remembering me.
Malloy, Matt Kile here.
I need your help.
I told you Id be here if you ever needed me.
Not so quick.
Let me tell you whats up before you decide.
I read the papers; I can guess.
You know I dont do strong arm stuff, so you wouldnt be calling if thats what you needed.
Quit beating your gums and get to it.
You still in the locksmith business?
Of course, youre calling me at my shop.
Ill be sixty-six early next year, so thatll do it for me.
Ill sell out then and retire.
Can you still pick em?
Like riding a bike.
Truth is, since I got in this business, Ive even picked up a few new tricks.
What do you need, Matt?
I need you to be invisible.
I dont want trouble for you.
Id likely have gone up for three to five back then and never had this shop if it hadnt been for you.
You took a risk for me.
This makes it my turn.
I meant what I said, Malloy.
If anyone is there, you back off and go home.
It wont do me or you any good if youre seen.
Im closing the shop now.
Fifteen minutes, the bench overlooking the beach down near the pier.
You know where.
Can you make it by then?
Ill be there, I said, already heading for my car.
Well, gimme twenty.
Malloy had cracked a safe in a big home on the cliff overlooking the San Pedro harbor, and had gotten away clean.
Later when going through the loot, he had found not only a huge amount of cash, but also jewelry that had been taken in a jewelry store holdup a few weeks before, during which a clerk and a customer had been shot dead.
The plans for that heist had also been in that safe.
Fidge and I had being working the jewelry robbery and murder case for weeks without making even one first down.
We had long known of Malloy as a burglar.
We had also known he abhorred violence and had no respect for those who used violence in burglaries and robberies.
Malloy had often given us information he had gleaned in his world about those kinds of crookssaying they gave the honest business of burglary a bad name.
A few days into the case, we were anonymously delivered the jewels taken from the store and the written plan for the heist.
There was an unsigned note saying the sender had seen our names in the paper as being in charge of the case.
It took us a while to find enough linking the home owner to the robbery and murder, but it never would have happened without Malloy pointing us at the guilty guy.
Its not worth rehashing all the details, but eventually we were able to build a case, and the guy got life for the murders.
As for the home burglary, we recognized Malloys excellent planning and exacting execution, but we didnt pursue Malloy for burglarizing the crooks home where he had recovered the jewels and plans.
The law often lets an arrested criminal go if he can give up something bigger.
Other times, the D.A.
will plea bargain down to a lesser charge in return for evidence or leads involving a bigger case.
So Fidge and I saved the system a lot of time and took it upon ourselves to let Malloy walk on the house burglary he had effectively confessed to by sending us the jewels and building plans.
Malloy had gotten away clean after the safe job.
So, we werent about to jam him up.
Malloy retired right after that.
We figured he used the cash from the safe job to buy the locksmith shop.
The jewelry store got back its jewelry, and the owner had listed only a modest amount of cash as having been taken.
The substantial cash Malloy had gotten from the safe had apparently come from other unknown criminal dealings.
So, we had a murderer in jail and had contributed to converting Malloy from a burglar into an honest small businessman.
On balance, it seemed an acceptable real-world mix of right and wrong.
Malloy had gotten to the beach first.
When I arrived he was watching the moon glisten off the breakers.
It took no more than a couple of minutes to let Malloy know what I wanted done and how I wanted it staged.
Piece of cake, Sergeant, he said, not a problem.
Im not a sergeant anymore.
To me you always will be.
I gave Malloy the building address and the Talmadge condo number, as well as the location of the building supervisors office.
I also gave him the name of the local reporter I wanted to get the story.
The last thing we discussed was the timeline for the job.
I wanted it wrapped up and delivered while I was in France.
* * *
The next morning, I boarded the plane with the early Long Beach paper under my arm.
The lead story was about Clarice Talmadge and her promiscuous behavior.
The first paragraph talked about her claiming to have been at my place.
That was followed by a brief and generally accurate account of my career in law enforcement, my justice-on-the-courthouse-steps shooting, and then some about my being a mystery writer.
They even mentioned my latest novel.
That was good, and the rest was old news.
The next few paragraphs quoted one unnamed source that referred to Clarice as an old-fashioned trollop, while another, also hiding behind anonymity, called her a harlot.
I figured the two unnamed sources both lived in my condo building.
As a writer Id have picked a different slur because harlot and trollop are suggestive of a prostitute, and I doubted Clarice ever took payment beyond pleasure.
And she gave as much pleasure as she received; in most cases probably gave more, and we all know it is better to give than receive.
* Chapter 13 Chapter 13{{{1 # Chapter 13
My British Airways flight touched down at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris a few minutes after noon, local time.
My only luggage, a carry-on, was a big leather sports bag which I had bought at an auction.
The guy standing next to me while I was bidding said it had once been owned by Tiger Woods.
The black bag was one of those with zipper compartments on the ends as well as the big zipper down the center top of the bag.
Tiger Woodss bag, eh, so I bid, and given my competitive nature, kept bidding with the hope that somewhere inside might be a forgotten list of a few of Tigers ex-girls-on-the-sly, complete with phone numbers.
As youve likely already guessed, there was no list, if it had ever been Tigers bag to begin with.
The auction had been to raise money for scholarships for the children of American soldiers killed in Middle East conflicts.
Im at peace with the whole thing, even if the shill who kept egging me on to bid again and again remembers me as a chawbacon.
I love that word, chawbacon.
I dont remember where I first heard it.
The dictionary says its a word to describe a rube, a yokel, a bumpkin, and I had been all of that when I had allowed myself to be led into believing the bag had once been owned by Tiger Woods.
But then, everyone active in sports owned at least one sports bag, so who knows, maybe it had been one of Tigers.
Yeah, okay, I had been a chawbacon.
I sailed through customs with my Tiger bag strapped over my shoulder.
At least I did until a female French immigrations officer stepped in front of me.
Your presence is requested in that room. She pointed.
What is this about?
Your immigrations desk found my papers to be in order.
They will explain, Mr. Kile.
Please follow me. She went on ahead and I followed, which was not a wholly unpleasant experience.
She opened the door to a small room, looked back and smiled, then walked out of my life.
The room was empty.
The walls held no pictures.
Not even a promotional poster for French champagne.
Totally empty other than a small table and three unfriendly chairs, two on the far side of the table and one nearest me.
I dropped my Tiger bag along the wall and sat in the lonelier chair, facing the two empties.
My instincts told me I was being watched.
Id say maybe even videotaped, but that might sound paranoid at this point, so I wont say it.
After another minute I rose and started to leave, but found the door through which I had entered locked.
I looked around.
The door on the other side of the room remained closed.
I sat back down in the same single chair.
I considered trying that other door, also kicking through the door into the terminal from whence I had come.
But, for now, I wanted to project a frustrated traveler with nothing to hide.
Then again, I had nothing to hide.
Well, maybe I had a little to hide.
The truth being I had quite a bit to hide.
The worst case scenario went like this: French officials and power brokers involved in Garsons weapons deals knew why I had come, and they held sufficient sway with French immigration authorities to make my visit start out prickly.
Then the door in the back wall opened.
The one behind the two chairs across from me.
Two men came in, one short, stocky and black followed by a tall, thin white guy.
Together they gave off the image of a bowling ball closing in on the corner ten pin.
They flipped open their leather badge holders: Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Their manner in some ways reminded me of Charles Talmadge, only these guys had the badges that could back up their acting tough, and they likely had more grit to begin with.
The FBI is supposed to be the good guys.
Our guys.
Im an American, so its okay for me to think of them as our guys.
But what were they doing working in concert with French immigration to intimidate a fellow American?
The ten pin complimented me on my leather sports bag.
Over time Ive learned to stop telling the Tiger-bag story.
Everyone, even me, eventually tires of being laughed at and called a sap.
So, I gave him one of my easy smiles and said, Thank you.
Your business in France, Mr. Kile? the bowling ball asked.
The French have found my papers in order and welcomed me into their country.
Why is an American law enforcement agency harassing a traveling American citizen?
Beyond its jurisdiction I might add.
The ten pin answered.
We arent harassing you, Mr. Kile.
We just have a few questions.
Youd like to help your government, wouldnt you?
I do every day.
I obey the laws.
Stop at red lights.
All that stuff.
In a more direct way, I pay my taxes.
Very big taxes too, I might add.
Im even back to voting, and with the choices weve been given lately voting is tough duty.
And now you want more help?
We do have a few questions, yes, the speaking ball said.
I got up and noisily jiggled the handle on the still locked door.
I am being forcibly detained, I said, indignantly.
That is harassment, if not abduction.
Unlock that door or have someone with the appropriate authority in this country arrest me.
Then you may contact our embassy and tell them of my incarceration. I stood quietly next to the door, my arms folded.
Mr.
Smith, the ten pin said, how in the world did that door get locked.
If you have a key, please do unlock it.
Mr. Kile has every right to leave if he wishes.
Smith?
I suppose his name is Jones, I said to the Mr. Smith while he unlocked the door.
Then I returned to the table and sat in the chair from which I had risen.
Now how can I help my government?
Smith and Jones retook their seats across from me, smiled and handed me their cards: Special agents Tim Jones and Carl Smith.
Darn.
American phone books are filled with Smiths and Joneses, so I guess it wasnt that odd for two of them to be here with me.
Still, it felt odd.
I just dont know why it felt odd.
Why are you visiting France? Agent Smith asked.
I am a fiction writer and Im considering a story set partially in France.
I also love French food and wine.
And there are so many famous historical places here that Ive never seen.
Dont you think its about time I do?
Particularly if I decide to make reference to them in the story I am researching.
Mr.
Kile, let us stop wasting your time.
Your government has a continuing interest in the activities of the deceased Garson Talmadge.
We arent concerned with your defense of his wife in his murder.
We just request that you stop digging into his past.
You wont have any trouble with me.
No, said Agent Jones, with a joyless smile.
I doubt we will.
Is it possible, I asked, that circumstances lingering from the past may have played a role in the death of Mr. Talmadge?
We arent concerned with that, Mr. Kile.
What?
Garson Talmadge died an American citizen.
He was murdered.
You are an American law enforcement agency.
How can you sit there and say you have no interest in the solving of his murder?
Its a local police matter, Mr. Kile.
Then why are you talking to me about it, Agent Smith?
As Agent Jones said, we have an interest in the past activities of Mr. Talmadge, and we assure you there is no connection between those activities and the murder of Mr. Talmadge.
Then who murdered Garson Talmadge?
We have no idea, Mr. Kile.
Then you cannot state with certainty that there is no connection between his murder and his past activities.
Can you?
We know all about you, Matthew Kile, former tough-guy cop.
Shot a man who was officially only a suspect, but who likely deserved it.
Now you write, if you call that stuff writing.
Now just a darn minute, Special Agents Smith and Jones, you can denigrate my mother, question my patriotism, even tell me I need to lose a few pounds, but dont insult my writing.
Not if you want us to remain friends.
Our apology, Mr. Kile, Agent Jones said.
Your books sell well.
Americans love a great mystery.
Speaking of that, please tell me about the past activities of Garson Talmadge to which you referred.
Im afraid we have no information for you, Mr. Kile.
Well then, Special Agent Smith, I guess my answer is the same; Im afraid I have no information for the FBI.
How quickly do you expect to leave France?
Soon.
What does soon mean, Mr. Kile?
Not in the next fifteen minutes, but before later.
How would you describe your attitude toward us, Mr. Kile?
Tolerant, Special Agent Jones.
The FBI is interfering in the free movement and activities of an American citizen, and doing so, I might add, in a foreign country without the presence of a law enforcement official of that country.
Agent Smith repeated one of their earlier questions, Why are you here, Mr. Kile?
Asked and answered, Agent Smith.
Research for a possible story.
Sightseeing all those wonderful things here in France that we Americans keep getting invited over to see.
No other reasons?
There are a couple of people to whom I wanted to say a big heartfelt, how do you do. I read somewhere that a big percentage of Europeans still think of the American West as the wild, wild west popularized in the movies.
Have you heard that Special Agent Jones?
I know I have.
And who would these people be, Mr. Kile?
Aw shucks, now.
That aint very neighborly of yall.
Just folks who know folks I know.
Just a plain old simple howdy.
Sure cant be of any consequence to our big old government.
Do you have anything more you wish to ask or can I mosey on up the trail?
So, this is your western side were hearing from now?
The novel Im working on is a western.
A western set in France?
Yeah.
Exciting aint it?
Their expressions tattled that the agents wanted me to tell them a lot more, but that they had no leverage.
They stood.
We shook hands.
I moseyed.
* * *
I found a bench outside the terminal at the de Gaulle airport and called Brad Fisher.
He was behind the wheel on the way to his office.
Brad agreed that the FBI being curious added credence to our theory that Talmadge had not stopped running guns ten-to-fifteen years ago or anything close to that.
We also reasoned that the U.S. government might be tracing past weapons deals between French arms manufacturers and Saddam Hussein.
We could see no other reason for their interest, and if they were focusing on those deals, that could well have touched a nerve that caused someone to decide Garson Talmadge was a loose thread that needed to be snipped off.
Brad would send a letter to the FBI demanding they cease interfering in his defense of an American citizen charged with the crime of murder, and requesting a copy of their file on Garson Talmadge.
Before hanging up, I asked Brad to have his paralegal look into the backgrounds of the unusual names Garson Talmadge had given his daughter and son, Sappho and Charaxus.
Talmadge had named the dog he bought for his wife, Asta.
That name was also unusual.
Asta had been the name of the dog owned by the Dashiell Hammett character Nick Charles, the protagonist in _The Thin Man_ series of books, movies and radio.
It was possible Garson named his children similarly in some private joke.
It might lead nowhere, probably would lead nowhere, but we were already chasing a bunch of maybes, so why not one more.
* Chapter 14 Chapter 14{{{1 # Chapter 14
Captain, you wanted to see me?
Yes.
Come in Sergeant Fidgery.
Chief of Detectives Richard Dickson had a smile on his face that made Fidge go tense.
The term shit-eating grin captured the look.
Hows the Talmadge case progressing? Dickson asked, without inviting Fidgery to sit down.
Im not sure I understand your question, sir.
We have his wife, Clarice Talmadge, in custody.
She has been arraigned.
Other than coordinating with the DA as he develops his case, Ive shut it down.
As you know, we have no shortage of murders.
I understand, Sergeant, but we both know that Brad Fisher is defending the woman.
We can expect him to present alternative suspects.
Lets figure out whom he might trot out for the jurys consideration.
We need to be sure youve given those folks a once over.
There is nothing clearly suggestive of any other killer.
Imagine youre Fisher, Sergeant.
Whom do you pick for the alternative shooter?
Fisher might toss Garson Talmadges kids into the ring.
If their stepmother is convicted, shell likely lose her inheritance and the kids will split her portion.
That could give the kids a reason to frame mommy.
Forget that, Sergeant.
Not even Fisher would think he could sell the jury on kids killing their own father, even for money.
The jury will likely be parents themselves.
Of course, that changes if Fisher gets some clear evidence.
Could he have anything on that score?
Not that I know of.
Imagine, Sergeant.
Nothing I can imagine, sir.
Who else?
Fidge thought of this case as a wrap, but Chief of Detectives Dickson was chewing on something.
Fidge shifted his weight and spread his legs a bit farther apart.
No one else, sir.
Well  maybe the idea that old man Talmadge, who in the past dealt in the international weapons trade, had been killed by someone from that world.
Why would they want to kill him?
Your report states Talmadge had been retired for over a decade.
You asked for guesses, then you attack them for not being solid.
Guesses arent solid, sir.
Thats what makes them guesses.
When Talmadge retired from running guns is uncertain, as is the case with any illegal activity.
His children said he stopped fifteen years ago.
Talmadges business attorney said his client had told him he stopped ten years ago.
But, yes, I suspect Fisher will raise that idea, if only to cloud the jurys mind.
When the jury learns Talmadge was a gun runner, they may get the impression the old man was a first-class bad guy who got what he deserved.
There are governments, including our own, still curious about where Saddam Hussein bought his weapons and just which weapons he bought.
That could have gotten the arms dealers with whom Talmadge did business nervous enough to eliminate him.
And, assuming Talmadge had truly stopped brokering weapons, those people might see Talmadge as expendable.
I agree, Sergeant.
Fisher will raise that.
No doubt.
The D.A.
will need to know if that theory will hold water.
Look into it.
Be prepared to testify you considered that theory and found it without merit.
Yes, sir.
Any other alternative theory?
No, sir.
The CDs chair squeaked as he leaned back, the shit-eating grin returning to his face.
Well Ive got one for you.
Sir?
What about your buddy?
Sir?
The hack writer.
Your pal.
Matthew Kile.
Youre kidding right?
Not on your life, Sergeant.
I know you dont like Kile, but thats taking it a bit far, sir.
Not as I see it.
You need to take off your blinders, Sergeant.
Look at the facts.
Sir?
Kile has had an affair with Clarice Talmadge.
He
Now just a minute, Fidge interrupted.
Kile acknowledged having had sex with the woman.
Once, before she and her husband moved in.
Before Kile knew she was married.
That doesnt constitute an affair.
Let us not forget the accused and Kile both claim she was in Kiles condo when the murder occurred.
In Kiles condo, I might add, well past midnight, while her husband, the victim, was supposedly asleep, not to mention the other occupants of the building.
You figure their only midnight rendezvous coincidentally occurred on the night the old guy got gunned?
You thinking those two had a crocheting circle?
Come on, Sergeant.
Open your eyes.
That was about setting an alibi while both of them headed down the hall to bump off her rich old man, their mutual guilt assuring they would each hold to their shared alibi.
Well, they are not about to get away with it on my watch.
Sir, I know Matthew Kile.
If he wanted, and I say if he wanted this woman, he would have told her to get a divorce.
No.
No.
No.
With the prenup, too much money left on the table, Sergeant.
The sense of urgency came with the realization that her husband was about to drop her from his will.
No.
They needed to do it then, that night.
To wait would cost them millions.
Kile has got money of his own.
Hes made a gob from his writing.
He doesnt need to commit murder to gain a comfortable lifestyle.
Your thinking is warped, Sergeant, blinded.
The point is she wanted her own money.
It wouldnt be the first time a hot number with a cold heart twisted a cop, an ex-cop, into doing her bidding.
Captain Dickson, sir, it is your right not to like Kile, but to manipulate your hatred into an accusation of murderwell, thats sick, sir.
Ill ignore your insubordination, Sergeant.
Fundamentals: Means.
Motive.
Opportunity.
They had them all.
As we both know, Kile is no stranger to violence.
I plan to recommend the D.A.
amend his charges to include both Clarice Talmadge and Matthew Kile.
What do I do with this  wild theory of yours?
Get after it.
I want you to canvas that building.
Include the super and any regular service people, housekeepers used by the various owners, like that.
Lets see what those people know about this tryst.
Im betting some of the other condo owners have seen the two of them tiptoeing up and down the hall at night.
They told Garson Talmadge, and he decided to drop his wife from his will.
This is a trip up fools hill, sir.
I have other cases.
If you refuse, Sergeant, Ill reassign the Talmadge case.
I cant have a detective handling a murder refusing to follow any possible trail.
And this one is more than possible.
It has all the elements: money, sex, greed, and a lover with a history of violence.
The young wife who married the old guy for his money and learns she is being dropped from his will.
Its all there, Sergeant.
You only need to see it for what it is.
Ill look into it, Captain.
Rigorously, Sergeant.
Rigorously, Captain Dickson.
I will also personally be following up to talk with a few of those folks myself.
So, you will be wise to make a diligent effort in that regard. Fidge clenched his teeth as Captain Dickson finished.
I want a report from you on this within three days.
Well meet at this same time.
Here in my office.
Good day, Sergeant Fidgery.
* Chapter 15 Chapter 15{{{1 # Chapter 15
The taxi that took me from the Charles de Gaulle Airport was driven by a Frenchman who spoke wonderful English but had the wrong occupation.
He should have been a tour guide.
As he drove, he continually pointed out so many famous and interesting spots that they started to jumble together.
One of the things he pointed out did get my attention, The Center for the History of the Arab Civilization, he said.
I found that interesting in that I had come, in part, to learn more about the connection between the Talmadge family and Iraq.
Many Americans who have not traveled to France probably assume every Frenchman is named Pierre.
That, of course, is not true as I would find out many times over before leaving their beautiful country.
Nonetheless, my drivers name was Pierre, or he simply used Pierre when driving Americans.
A few minutes and several tour-guide point-outs later, Pierre dropped me at the front of the Hotel Saint Christophe on the Rue Lacpde in the Latin Quarter of Paris, an elegant, older hotel with a welcoming air and a pleasantly bright lobby with windows overlooking the street.
I paid Pierre and he gave me his cell phone number so I could reach him whenever I needed a cab.
A man sat in the lobby reading a magazine.
He looked familiar.
He was not someone I knew.
His presence troubled me because I had seen him since my arrival in France.
Without checking in, I went out to the street and walked a block to think about it.
He hadnt been in the plane.
I couldnt place him in the check-in-line.
Then it hit me.
He had some kind of connection with Agents Smith and Jones.
That was it.
He had been in the background when the door opened so the two agents could enter the small room where I waited.
This man had walked by the open door, behind the agents, glancing in for only a moment.
Thats when I saw his face.
He could have been an airport worker passing down a hallway at the very moment the door was opened, but more likely his passing was intentional so he could get to the hotel and keep a tail on my doings.
I returned to the hotel, checked in and walked to the elevator, then went back to the counter and asked to switch rooms.
If the man in the lobby was a tail, he had identified my hotel in advance, because he was there when I arrived.
He could have persuaded the hotels management to let him install surveillance equipment before I checked in and for the desk to assign me that particular room.
In my new room, figuring the phone would not be bugged, I immediately called Brad Fisher and brought him up to date on my suspicions.
Arent you being a bit paranoid? Brad asked.
Hey, just because Im paranoid, doesnt mean they arent out to get me.
Of course, I had no idea just who was out to get me, or why they were out to get me.
I was simply an ant in their world, and they were watching me through the glass wall of my ant farm as I went about my ant business.
After hanging up from talking with Brad, I took a long walk to stretch my legs and get something to eat.
The Latin Quarter had many quaint cobblestone streets that could easily allow a playful mind to imagine walking in France in an earlier century, strolling along beside Alexandre Dumas famous quartet, DArtagnan, Aramis, Athos, and Porthos.
Eventually, I chose one of the many cafes on the boulevard St-Germain-ds-Pres.
During the meal I called Pierre and arranged for him to pick me up in front of my hotel at ten in the morning.
I gave him the address on Rue Mercoeur.
He said he knew it well.
During the walk back, I thought about how I might best approach Garsons ex-wife, Chantal Talmadge.
* Chapter 16 Chapter 16{{{1 # Chapter 16
At ten sharp the next morning, I walked out of the Hotel Saint Christophe to find Pierre behind the wheel of his diesel Peugeot.
He got out and opened my door.
I told him not to bother with that in the future; I could open my own doors.
Maybe one day I wouldnt be able to, but the way I had my life planned that wouldnt be for several decades yet.
Just be on time and get me where I need to go, and Ill be a happy camper. Pierre asked me to explain what I meant by happy camper.
I did.
He was right.
We Americans do talk funny.
The apartment house on Rue Mercoeur which we believed to be the residence of Garsons ex-wife was a masonry building of considerable age, but kept up.
A sign outside indicated a vacancy.
Pierre told me the sign said the available unit was a two-bedroom.
My knock on Chantals door got no answer.
I checked with the building manager who did not speak much English.
I waved for Pierre to come join us.
He learned that Chantal had lived there with her sister, but the two women had moved some time ago.
The manager wrote down the forwarding address for us.
I thanked her and headed back to the car, having again proven the pessimists creed that nothing ever goes smoothly, but then, this wasnt too big a bump, so maybe the pessimists were only half right.
Pierre said something about the new address being in the Latin Quarter, not far from my hotel, and drove off with me rubber necking from the back seat.
Chantals new street was three blocks over from the Rue Monge and about eight blocks down.
As we drove, Pierre pointed out Notre Dame Cathedral, and the Jardin des Plantes, Frances main botanical garden.
True to his claim, Pierre knew exactly where Chantal lived.
He dropped me off in front.
I asked him to wait twenty minutes, then, if I had not come out, he could leave.
I would call his cell when I was ready to be picked up.
The small round metal button next to the door produced a pleasant chime I could hear ringing inside the apartment.
A few moments later, the door opened in the hand of an elderly woman in a drab, brown housecoat, unwashed gray hair, and yellowed teeth.
She leaned against the door frame.
Her heavily- veined feet in gold slippers, one foot on top the other.
She kept one hand on the door while her tired eyes scanned my face, perhaps trying to match me up with someone in her past.
Madame Chantal Talmadge?
Que? she said with the inflection of a question.
Madame Chantal Talmadge? I repeated, hoping she would at least understand the name.
I speak English
Are you Chantal Talmadge?
No.
Is Chantal in?
May I see her?
Ive come from America.
Come in, sir, the woman said, with an inscrutable grin.
Ill take you to her. She uncoupled her slippers and stood back, opening the door.
She led me down a short hall covered with a Persian runner, the floor creaking as if it had been laid to announce arrivals.
We entered a living room with furnishings that were once up to the minute in decor.
Sturdy furniture, overstuffed, and mostly covered in green velour.
She stopped, facing the fireplace.
What is your name, sir?
Matthew Kile, I said, unsure what was going on as we were the only two people in the room.
The woman pointed to an urn on the mantle.
Her hand touched it.
Her voice went hoarse.
My sister, Chantal.
I had come in search of answers, and instead I found a wiseacre French woman who shared an apartment with her sister who lived in an urn.
I felt like Alice must have after having fallen down the rabbit hole.
I wanted to laugh.
I wanted to curse even more, but I did neither.
Maybe I would later.
May I ask your name? I said, desperate to learn something that might help.
I am Camille Trenet.
Chantals sister.
She never stopped using the name Talmadge.
Why not?
My sister never stopped loving that worthless man.
She drank herself to death, because when she drank she believed he would return, and they would be happy again.
Im sorry for your loss.
Im sorry I lived long enough to go to Chantals funeral.
I would have preferred to go to the funeral of that worthless man.
How long had you lived with Chantal?
We lived together all of our lives.
Well, except for twenty years while I had a live-in job with an American family, and Chantal lived with that worthless man.
My live-in job ended about the same time as her divorce, so we picked up where we left off and moved in together again.
Many women have sisters.
We were best friends.
Now Im alone.
Have you always lived in France?
Yes.
Somehow I ended up working in the homes of American families, twenty years as a live-in with one family for whom I served as a housekeeper, the nanny and sometimes secretary.
I spoke only English for all those years.
Actually, despite being French, I mostly think in American and translate into French before I speak with my countrymen.
I watch mostly American television, the channels I can get.
While I listened, I looked about.
The place was crowded with photographs of a younger woman, who looked to be Camille, and another I surmised was Chantal, both were very lovely.
The pictures featured laughter, and men, and picnics near a body of water.
Another photo was of Susan and Charles when they were younger, and two more of Susan alone.
And one of an American soldier, maybe twenty-five, sat on the end table next to her.
Well, your English is very good.
Is this your sister? I asked, putting my hand gently on top of that picture.
May I ask you, how did your sister die?
I meant it literally; Chantal drank herself to death  over that worthless man, the no-good son of a bitch.
The worthless man you speak of, I assume you mean Garson Talmadge?
Who else?
The dog that walks on two legs.
Camille, who had apparently gotten the stronger liver of the two sisters, ran her hands back over her head through hair which had the look of tangled seaweed after having been pulled and snipped by gulls.
Despite what you may have heard of French women, after that worthless man left, my sister never gave herself to another man, which was very different than right after the war.
The Nazis were gone, and many French women had suffered at their hands.
We had been too young for the Nazis and had dressed to look still younger.
But that changed after the liberation.
We were older by the time your boys came here, and we dressed to look still older.
Your young soldiers were glorious, and they always had Hershey bars and sometimes nylons.
My sister and I were wild-eyed teens.
We flirted with your soldiers and had a lot of laughs.
If you and I were to go for a walk, I could show you many places where we satisfied sweaty American GIs.
Those days were beyond description.
We hoped two of them would take us back to America, but the magic ended.
They left.
We remained. She laughed openly, her eyes searching back for the memories.
In France, girls are considered women at a younger age than in America, at least in those days, probably still.
My memory only remembers the fun of those years, not the cruelty.
There was so much destruction.
Chantal and I were gorgeous in those days.
Love was always in the air, and chocolate flowed like water.
After laughing hard enough to cause her to cough and then swallow, she added, These silly modern women think they invented not wearing panties so their ass will wiggle more.
Ha. Then she got up and turned around slowly in her house dress.
You like?
My tits are bigger now.
Then again, so is everything else. It had not been so much an invitation as an expression of whom she had been and whom she had become.
After pursing her lips, she laughed, a sadder laugh than before.
Do you know that Garson Talmadge is dead? I asked, still standing, facing the urn.
Camille turned to me, her face blank.
No words.
She just stared.
He was murdered, I said.
I dont know whether to laugh or cheer, she finally said.
I will likely do both later when I am alone. Camille touched my arm and nodded toward her couch.
I sat down.
She sat across from me in a swivel rocker.
The flower- pattern fabric on the arm of the chair above the wooden tip excreted its soiled white stuffing.
Why are you here? She asked.
I did not kill him.
Although, given the chance  Her stare continued while I imagined her mind reviewing the ways she had fantasized murdering him if the chance had ever come for her.
She now knew that chance would never come.
Who beat me to it?
Thats what brought me over.
His wife, Clarice, has been charged with his murder.
Im investigating for the attorney who is defending her.
We believe Clarice is innocent.
Whether she is guilty or innocent is irrelevant.
The man deserved to die, so even if she did murder him, I will help if I can.
But I dont see how I  Camille apparently had a habit of leaving things she spoke of unfinished, maybe crowded out by a memory.
If her apartment expressed anything, it said Camille Trenet lives in her past.
I have come to learn all that I can about Garson when he lived in France, about his son and daughter and his weapons deals.
What do you know about his selling French weapons to Saddam Hussein, or anyone else?
I do wish to help.
Hurray for the wonderful woman who killed that worthless man.
Alleged, I said in a correcting tone.
Huh, she mumbled.
Oh, yes, American lawyer talk I hear it on television.
Let me get us something to drink, and then Ill answer your questions.
This may be a long conversation.
Things I have never told anyone.
Chantal had sworn me to secrecy, but she is dead now.
And that worthless man is dead.
The time has come to drag the ugliness out of the darkness.
By now, Pierre would have likely driven away.
I would call his cell when I finished visiting with Garsons ex-wifes sister.
Camille opened the door on a cabinet in the lower part of the end table next to her chair and brought out a half full bottle of Seagrams Seven Crown.
Her chubby hand strangled its neck.
American whiskey.
My sister started drinking this stuff with that worthless man.
That part checked.
Seven Crown had been the brand Garson had used to bookend the boxes of corn flakes that sat on his bedroom dresser.
She reached in again and brought out two glasses, her fingers inside as she lifted them to the bigger table that centered the space between us.
Is this to your liking? she asked.
Just fine, I said, and then smiled.
I am, in fact, an Irish whiskey man.
Once you have sipped Tullamore Dew, you are spoiled for all other spirits made by mortals.
Although, in fairness there are many other fine Irish, Scottish, Canadian and American whiskeys, like this one.
Thank you.
Camille poured the whiskey warm, in portions for gulping.
I confess Seagram makes a fine product, but my ancestors would label me traitor if I did less than my duty to carry the family tradition through my generation, and pass it along to those who follow.
I proudly say that both my daughters have already accepted their responsibilities in this regard.
Hopefully, my ancestors will forgive my transgressions and remain calm in their final resting places.
I had likely shared with her more about Irish whiskey than she ever cared to know, but she came across as lonely and enjoying the idea of someone, a man, to drink with.
I needed her comfortable and relaxed and willing to talk.
She was no longer anything to look at, and half soused, but I liked her.
I picked up my glass.
You were about to tell me about Garsons weapons deals with Iraq.
It is true, according to Chantal, who never lied to me.
That worthless man sold nearly exclusively to Saddam Hussein: guns, bullets, even tanks and those big trucks they use to transport soldiers.
Chemicals, too, Chantal said.
My sister also said that worthless man gambled like a crazy man, or he would have had far more than he did when he retired.
I remember her telling me of one spree in Monte Carlo where he lost ten million dollars in one week.
And there were other times, many times, when he lost huge amounts.
It has been said that Garson stopped selling weapons about ten or fifteen years ago.
Is this true?
That I dont know.
Chantal had no more contact with that worthless man once he divorced her and moved to America.
Her divorce deal included him providing money for as long as either of us lived.
How did they breakup?
Now thats an odd story. Camille leaned forward and again reached into the cabinet, this time to bring out a large bar of chocolate.
One day, she said, when that worthless man was driving Chantal over to my place, he pulled into a store to buy some cigarettes.
He never came out.
After waiting a long while, Chantal went in, but he was not in the store.
My sister worried that he had been killed.
I hoped he had.
He always made my sister swear that she would never go to the police about him no matter what.
She had promised, and so she kept her promise.
She continued to wait and pray for his return.
The next year, she learned he was still alive when his attorney contacted her about his wanting a divorce.
Camille used her hands to break up the chocolate bar while it was still inside its package.
She tore open the wrapper, took out a large jagged piece and pushed the rest toward the center of the table as an offering.
We had bonded.
What about Susan and Charles, were they still with your sister?
Oh, no.
The kids were grown, in their twenties.
They had their own places before the divorce.
My sister continued to see them.
At least she did until he convinced them both to go to America with him.
Susan had always wanted to live in America.
Charles didnt really care, but he went when his sister did.
They worked for that worthless man, so they also went to keep their jobs.
But Garson was supposedly no longer doing weapons deals.
What kind of work were the children doing at that point?
Search me, she said with a shrug.
After waiting a year without contacting my sister, that worthless man wanted the divorce and fast, so he went along with whatever my sister wanted in return.
She got enough money on the front end to allow her to buy our last condo.
She left it to me.
I sold it a while back and bought this smaller one.
When there was only me I didnt need all the space.
He also sends money for food and utilities and whatever.
I make do with that and what little I get elsewhere.
Now that he is dead, I dont know what will happen to me.
But I am still happy he is dead.
I hope someday to spit on his grave.
His will, I explained, includes a provision for continuing your assistance even if he were to die before Chantal or you.
Susan is the personal representative named in his will.
I expect she will see that whatever is necessary for you continues.
Thank you for telling me, sir. She raised her glass in my direction, took a drink, and then refilled hers and topped off mine.
I hate taking that worthless mans money.
But it allows me to live.
I remain alive to curse his remains.
Was it Garson who came up with the names Sappho and Charaxus?
Yes, she said, stretching the word as if it were a pull on soft taffy.
Sappho was always a bright girl with a good heart and a warm smile.
Charaxus is a bore.
Nasty.
I never liked him.
Youll be pleased to know that Susan, the name now used by Sappho, is still a bright, good-hearted woman with a wonderful smile.
And the boy?
He is still a bore.
Nasty.
I dont like him either.
But I was asking about the story behind Garsons choice of names for the children.
Camille nodded slightly, and then licked chocolate residue from her fingers.
She leaned across the space between us, her house dress creeping up far enough to expose nylons rolled down to just below her knee.
We clinked glasses and shared agreeable smiles.
I have no idea, she said.
They were odd names, but why I dont know.
Was Chantal the mother?
No.
No. She took another jagged chunk of chocolate.
Chantal could not have children.
That is why my sister went along with the arrangement.
The arrangement? I asked.
It is my understanding that Garson Talmadge had an affair with an Iraqi woman who gave birth to his children.
That is what the children believe as well, as least I think they do.
That worthless man never told the truth about anything in his life.
Not only was my sister not the mother of those children, that man was not the childrens father.
My thoughts went into overdrive.
Could Brad Fisher use this womans statement to get a court order for DNA testing to prove Garson was not the father?
Might a jury more easily believe that children might kill their father when their father is not their father?
And thats a lot of fathers in one sentence, but you get the idea.
Camille, do Susan and Charles know that Garson is not their father?
I do not think so.
Or maybe I should have said they did not when they left here for America.
Now, she shrugged, who knows.
Garson Talmadge never impressed me as a man who would raise another mans children.
Why would he do it?
Camille drained her glass and reached for the bottle with a practiced knowledge of its whereabouts.
For the only reason that worthless man did anything, money.
Who was the father?
She refilled her drink far enough for it to show in the glass above her fist.
Chantal never knew the fathers name.
He was some big shot in the weapons business. After another finger lick, she picked up the last piece of broken chocolate.
I didnt give a rip about Camilles chocolate fetish.
I needed to get the rest of the story before she passed out.
Although, her speech remained amazingly clear despite what she had drunk already.
I fought down my impatience and casually asked, Tell me what your sister told you about the Frenchman who fathered Susan and Charles.
She emptied the bottle, refilling her glass and what little would fit into mine.
All this talk keeps a girl thirsty. Then she told more of her story, well, her sisters story.
It happened on one of that worthless mans visits to Iraq.
The Frenchman went along, and while they were there the government provided them with women, Shiite women.
Saddam was Sunni.
The woman the Frenchman had been with became pregnant and died giving birth to twins.
With the mother dead, the story was that Saddam planned to have the children killed.
To his credit, when the Frenchman learned of it, he contacted Hussein and said he did not want the children put to death.
But he could not bring them home to his French family.
So, that worthless man brought the children back to Paris for my sister to raise.
How do you know this?
Chantal had always wanted children, but she could not have them.
At first, he told her the children were his hoping that way she would be more likely to accept them.
Chantal forgave him and went along.
Later, he admitted the truth about the Frenchman being the father.
He also told her that the Frenchman had not wanted them killed.
The Frenchman gave the worthless man a great deal of money to raise them as his children, and brought him in on a bunch more weapons deals.
They are not his children.
That I am sure of.
Camille, isnt it possible that what Garson first told your sister was the truth, that he was the father?
She reached into the cabinet and brought out a second bottle.
My last one, she said while breaking the seal.
I think theyre making these bottles smaller nowadays. When she had loosened the cap, she said, That could not be true.
Why?
Chantal always said she could not have children, but it was that man who could not.
They had both been checked by the doctor before he went to Iraq with the Frenchman.
The results came in while he was gone.
Chantal went to the doctor alone where she learned she was fertile, but that worthless man was sterile.
She had known all along that her worthless man was lying about fathering those two.
Chantal always said it was she who could not conceive because she believed that should he know the truth, he would feel less virile.
It was many years later that he finally told Chantal the truth about someone else being the father and paying him to raise the children.
My sister would do anything for that worthless man.
He was the only thing we did not agree about.
I asked the next question after reminding myself to keep the tone conversational.
Do you know the identity of the father?
Chantal never knew, so she could never tell me.
That worthless man kept the Frenchmans secret all those years, and now it has apparently died with him.
After Chantal died I tried to find out who he was, but there are no records kept on these illegal deals.
After calling Pierre, I talked further with Camille Trenet, but she knew nothing more.
Twenty-five minutes later, Pierre dropped me off in front of my hotel.
On the way he had pointed out the Sorbonne, a place known for the arts and humanities, but my attention was not on the sights of Paris.
* Chapter 17 Chapter 17{{{1 # Chapter 17
The man I had first seen through the open door passing behind Agents Smith and Jones at the airport, and later saw again in my hotel lobby, had left me uncertain about the phone in my hotel room.
I had switched rooms, but by now he could have moved his surveillance equipment to my new room.
I wandered outside, found a bench and called Brad Fisher on my cell phone.
Brads amazement over what I had encountered since arriving in France matched my own.
This had become something more than the quick, quiet visit to France we had anticipated.
If Garson Talmadge had stopped moving weapons for profit nearly fifteen years ago, what had happened to stir up the interest of the FBI?
We didnt know, but we needed to.
We discussed having a French lawyer take Camilles sworn statement.
Brad could then use it to support an attempt to obtain a court order for Susans and her brothers DNA, if they refused to do so voluntarily.
If they knew they were not his children, they might not want that known so we could expect them to fight it all the way.
At least that was our reasoning.
Brad insisted I get Camille to sign such an affidavit before I left and to agree she would come to Long Beach to testify.
In return, we would offer her all expenses paid, a case of whiskey and a case of chocolate bars, and the opportunity to spit on Garsons grave.
I figured the last item would seal the deal.
After Brad hung up, I returned to my hotel and took a hot shower.
The chocolate that had been in my stomach the past several hours pickling in Seagrams Seven had begun the second French Revolution.
I wished I was an astronaut in outer space where the absence of gravity prevented the separation of liquids and gas necessary for the production of belches and farts.
After showering, I went back onto the streets desperate for something to eat, found a caf and ordered a Salade Nicoise, a Croque Monsieur, which the menu described as a baked ham sandwich with garlic cream sauce and Swiss cheese, and topped it all off with Strawberries Romanoff.
While sipping coffee, my mind reworked what I had learned and my discussion with Brad Fisher.
The chances of directing the jury to the theory that Susan and Charles might have killed Garson Talmadge had improved with the prospect they were not his children, at least according to Chantals sister, Camille.
Had Susan and Charles learned that Garson was not their father, they would likely have confronted Garson to learn the identity of their real father.
My reasoning said that he refused to tell them.
Under this scenario Charles and Susan may have killed him; if so, I hoped it had only been Charles.
We also had to face the possibility that Charles was telling the truth, that Garson had called him to say he was dropping Clarice from his will.
That Garson had told Clarice of his plan during one of their arguments, so Clarice killed him before he could change his will.
Then she could claim she knew nothing of his desire to change his will in any manner and, therefore, no motive to kill him.
The scenario I favored, and which had the most external support, remained that people in France and the Middle East who had been the sellers and buyers of the weapons Garson had brokered, had killed him.
This, they would hope, would stonewall the authorities who were digging into those transactions.
Maybe this all started because of documents found in Iraq.
Why else would the FBI corner me at the airport?
Why else would they want to know what brought me to France?
Even more basic: why else would the FBI even be aware I was in France?
This scenario had legs, but walking this pile of conjecture into court would be an entirely different matter.
All this was what I loved and hated about investigative work, the endless combination of twists and turns that denied sleep and the freedom to think about much of anything else.
After finishing the Strawberries Romanoff, I walked back to the Hotel Saint Christophe.
Having had the wrong address for Chantal had been a minor irritant.
The kind of inconvenience one expects in an investigation.
Chantal being dead, however, was a major wrinkle.
Her sister had been helpful, but it made everything she knew secondhand.
Camilles testimony with respect to things her sister told her might even be challenged, as inadmissible hearsay because Chantal would not be in the court to be cross examined.
But that would be Brad Fishers battle to fight another day.
My job remained to bring Brad information related to Garson Talmadge.
I didnt like the attempt by the FBI to intimidate me off the case, or at least out of France.
But all things considered, the trip was proving to be worth the effort.
On the whole, things had gone well.
At least they had until someone fired a shot at me.
Anyone who has survived a tour of duty in a war zone or been a cop on the street would instinctively recognize the sound and know what to do.
The bullet whizzed by and struck the wall of a shop where I had just paused to look at their window display.
I dove into the sidewalk, a literal effort denied by aged cobblestones.
I rolled sideways tightening myself to a parked car, my right foot dropping into gutter water.
The shot had come from across the street.
The sound reported the bullet struck low on the shop wall.
That meant the shooter had fired from higher up.
A window?
The rooftop?
If the shooter had been lower, the shot would have been blocked by one of the parked cars, and never reached the building wall.
I stayed where I was, well, I did, other than lifting my foot back out of the dank water.
The next minute passed with no more shots coming, then two minutes.
I held my position and listened for the violent sound of a speeding car arriving or departing the scene.
But I heard nothing.
Not even the commotion of feet running across the cobblestones.
Nothing that said they were closing in for the kill.
I stayed low and scooted to the end of the car.
There were no pedestrians within a block on my side of the street.
Across, on the other side, one couple had stopped and looked around, then apparently unable to identify the noise, they walked on.
From my crouch I glanced at the rooftop.
Then studied the windows of the building one by one, from left to right, floor by floor, but saw nothing that seemed to relate to the shot that had been fired.
After five minutes, I rose slowly and continued back toward my hotel.
By the end of the next block, I had decided the objective of the shooter was not to murder me.
There had been no additional shots.
No one had moved in to finish me off.
This had been a warning.
A message: Yankee, go home!
Stop asking questions and leave France.
I wasnt going to stop asking questions, so I could only hope the warning shot was as far as they were prepared to take it.
Of course, that might change if I continued to crowd the truth, which is exactly what I planned to do.
I detoured into a bar about a block from the hotel and ordered a straight shot of whiskey.
They didnt have Irish, so I settled for Scotch, threw it back without bothering to sit down, dropped a five, U.S., on the bar and walked out.
I would not report the shooting, doing that would not tell me who had fired the shot.
A formal report would be a distraction, resulting in the French police pressing me to learn why I had come to France.
Unlike with the FBI, given a shooting within their jurisdiction, this would be a legitimate question I would likely need to answer.
I didnt wish to do that.
My adrenaline was still surging when I got back to the hotel so I walked past the elevator and took the stairs.
When I entered my room, I knew my night was not over.
* Chapter 18 Chapter 18{{{1 # Chapter 18
Two men, as it turned out police detectives, were waiting inside my hotel room.
Both wore their big bad wolf huffing-and-puffing looks.
I replied with my best you-cant-blow-my-house-down stare, hoping at the same time that mine would be the brick house and not the one made of straw.
After another minute of sniffing each other, the smaller man introduced himself.
I am Sergeant Maurice Reynie.
Please call me Maurice. He also replaced his big-bad-wolf look with a welcome-to-France smile.
He was a man in his mid sixties, his fleshy jowls dragging the ends of his mouth down into a reverse happy face.
Still, his smile was pleasant enough.
The second officer, a bigger man, remained silent, and Maurice did not introduce him.
Perhaps the bigger fellow had never been taught the welcome-to- France smile.
Perhaps he had no interest in learning it.
Despite his being the younger of the two, I pegged him as the senior officer who wanted to size me up without having to engage in conversation.
So you are with the Paris police? I asked.
Not quite, Maurice said.
The Prefecture of Police is the national police force, but we are charged with providing policing services within Paris and some surrounding areas.
So, what is it that I, a mere tourist, can do to aid the French National Police?
It has come to our attention you are here to look into, shall I say, the background of a former French citizen, Garson Talmadge, now an American citizen, Maurice said.
Why do you have that interest, Mr. Kile?
Now wait just a minute.
If I am to call you Maurice, you should call me Matt.
And, please do sit down Maurice, and your quiet friend, of course.
Im sorry I have nothing to offer you.
We could order something in, if youd like?
No thank you, Monsieur.
That wont be necessary.
All right, Matt, please answer my question.
If, as you contend, my visit involves this Mr. Talmadge, I would be here looking into the background of an American citizen.
Why does that involve the French National Police?
As you are undoubtedly aware, the French detective said, it has been claimed in certain circles that Garson Talmadge had, many years ago, functioned as a broker of illegal weapons.
While that was never proven, the rumor lingers.
Naturally, that raises the curiosity of my country.
I furrowed my brow before replying.
The raising of that curiosity suggests those deals did occur and that French defense industrialists and politicians were involved.
Why so?
My former countryman could have sold weapons produced anywhere, not just in France.
You have stated this Mr. Talmadge is no longer a citizen and no longer a resident of France.
If French merchants and politicians were not involved, you would not be here.
He was a citizen of France while allegedly doing these weapons deals and as the French National Police, we take such possibilities very seriously.
A fact confirmed by the long list of arrests you have made over the years of people in your government and industry who are engaged in such naughty behavior.
That was a low blow, as you Americans say.
I laughed.
Yeah, I guess it was.
Not that it makes it any less valid.
How much longer do you plan to grace us with your company, Mr. Kile? The heretofore silent second officer asked, still offering neither his name nor rank.
A day or two, I would imagine, although, one can never be certain.
France is such a romantic and welcoming country.
May I add that my primary reason for visiting your lovely country is research regarding a fiction story I am considering writing.
The second officer spoke again, still without smiling.
Ah, yes, the American novelist, I thought your name sounded familiar.
Of course, please enjoy our national hospitality.
And should we be able to be of any help with regard to your fiction research, please do contact Maurice.
Now, as for Garson Talmadge, the past is best left alone, Mr. Kile.
An interesting point, but one which carried to its full conclusion would prevent all investigations for, by their very nature, all crimes occurred in the past.
The senior intimidator having taken the lead, kept it.
Monsieur Kile, I will ask you again.
Why are you investigating Garson Talmadge?
My inquiries in France, whether they regard Mr. Talmadge or not, are being done in the service of an American attorney at law, Bradford Fisher, Long Beach, California.
He would be the appropriate person for you to ask your question.
It is late, the senior man said.
Let us leave you to rest so that you can have a full day tomorrow.
That way, perhaps you can wrap up your visit in one more day rather than two.
I thought the French tourist industry wanted visits from Americans to be longer, not shorter.
The unnamed man grunted before saying, We are not with the tourist bureau. He then looked at Maurice and nodded.
They stood.
Good night, Matt, Maurice said.
Good night, Maurice.
Perhaps next time you could call first rather than taking the liberty of entering my room without my knowledge or consent.
Enjoy your day tomorrow, the senior detective said.
Paris is a wonderful city in so many ways.
We are primarily concerned with your safety, so we certainly hope you do not have any more incidents like the one that troubled you during your walk back to your room tonight.
The inference had been clear.
They knew about the shot across my bow.
I doubted they had done it, because they might not have had sufficient time to get into my room before I got back to the hotel.
They also knew I knew they knew.
Police work is such fun.
Actually, I sort of liked their style of intimidation, waiting in someones room when youre not expected, and preceding your questions with a warning shot.
Maybe I would have been a more successful cop in France than I had been in America where the criminal process has gradually, but persistently, tilted to the favor of the suspect.
Thank you both for your concern.
Ill count on your protective oversight during the remainder of my stay.
Good night, detectives.
After closing the door, I walked out onto the small balcony through, as you would expect, a French door.
The evening profile of Paris stood before me, crowned with flickering lights, night noises, and the wonderfully mixed fragrances of French cuisine.
A few things had become clear.
The French Police could not have known about the warning shot without having been culpable on some level.
I also knew their interest in my visit had nothing to do with the guilt or innocence of Clarice Talmadge.
Somewhere in France was a powerful politician or industrialist whom I was making more nervous than he was making me.
Hopefully, that imbalance would remain in my favor.
* Chapter 19 Chapter 19{{{1 # Chapter 19
Pierre had a cousin with a warehouse a few miles out of our way where I could pick up a case of Seagrams Seven Crown.
It would be my thanks, well, bribe for Camille Trenet.
On impulse I had Pierre stop once more so I could get a case of chocolate bars.
How could any woman resist a man who came calling with whiskey and chocolate?
Camille smiled when she saw me at her door.
Her smile widened when she saw the case I had under my arm.
From there she went giddy upon seeing the case of chocolate bars I held in my other hand, her gladness more a product of her loneliness and unique dietary passions than my magnanimity.
She immediately opened the case of whiskey and placed all twelve bottles inside the cabinet in the base of her living room table, taking care to turn each label to the front.
She then opened the box of large chocolate bars and slid them one by one into the drawer above the bottle cabinet.
Each bar turned so that the label faced up and read from left to right.
We all have our rituals, and this was one of hers.
I decided right then I would give this colorful quirk to some character in one of my novels.
Camille unhesitatingly agreed to give a sworn statement through a Paris attorney, come to America to testify, or both, all expenses paid, of course.
A belly laugh followed my saying if she came to America I would also take her to spit on Garson Talmadges grave.
Whom did you tell about my visiting with you yesterday?
No one, she said immediately.
I believed her.
Still, when Maurice and the intimidator visited my room last night, they knew why I had come to Paris.
So had the FBI agents, Smith and Jones, with whom I visited at the airport.
That meant Clarice, Susan, Brad Fisher or I had told someone, who told someone, who told someone.
Well, you get the idea.
No one else had known.
I quickly eliminated Brad and myself, leaving Clarice and Susan, and maybe her brother Charles.
If it had been Charles, then Susan would have been the tattletale and Charles the first someone she had told, before he told someone else.
Someone in that group was talking to the authorities, likely to the American FBI, who then passed it on to the Paris police.
At this point, the why was up for grabs.
Camille understood, at least in a general sense, why her sworn statement and/or testimony would be needed, given that her sister, Garsons former wife, was dead.
Then she surprised me, again.
What about my sisters diary?
Would that help?
Did Chantal keep a diary? My pulse quickened.
Do you have it?
Who else? Camille said.
However, Ill need it back.
Its the only thing I have that is in my sisters own words. She added that she would be willing to testify that the writings in the diary were her sisters.
She also had various documents that her sister had signed which could be used by a graphologist to verify the diary had been written by Chantal.
She went on to explain her sister had kept the diary faithfully during her marriage to Garson and the anguish she had lived through waiting for the day Garson would return, a day that never came.
And you were familiar with the diary during those years?
Sure I was.
During their married years, Chantal kept the diary in French, but after he left and went to America, my sister convinced herself he would return for her.
The first year after he left, Chantal insisted every day I help her with her English so she would be ready when that worthless man returned from America.
Ever since the war, Chantal had spoken quite a bit of English, but she couldnt write a lick of it.
We agreed to only speak English in the house, and I taught her how to write it.
She practiced tirelessly.
When she got good enough, she bought a new diary and rewrote her old diary in English.
Thats the one I gave you.
What happened to the one in French?
She threw it out after she had rewritten it in English.
It was a big accomplishment, and Chantal was very proud of having done it.
That Camille was pleased by Garsons death was obvious each time it came up.
It seemed equally clear that she would want to help Clarice whether or not she had killed that worthless man, as Camille had consistently referred to Garson Talmadge.
Brad Fisher would need to be told he had a witness who might be induced to express her hatred for Garson and desire to reward, not punish, his killer.
Such an admission by Camille during her testimony would damage her credibility as a witness.
Camille had not yet cleaned up.
We agreed she would do so while I called Brad Fisher in California.
Brad was in a conference, but I convinced his secretary that she should get him, now.
After I told him about the diary, he wanted a sworn affidavit signed by Camille that began: _that certain diary first showingwhichever date it first showedand titled on the inside page as The Diary of Chantal Talmadge,_ was, in fact, Chantals diary in Chantals handwriting.
And that Camille Trenet had observed her sister write in it regularly over the many years they had lived together.
And that Camille Trenet remembers her sister, Chantal, freely discussing its contents and the events described therein.
Before Camille came out after getting ready, I had lined up an attorney not far from her home, and after offering double his normal fee, made an appointment for forty-five minutes later.
Pierre, whom I had retained for the day, drove us.
Camilles meeting with the attorney took nearly two hours.
I paid the attorney and took Camille back home.
* * *
At four-thirty that afternoon, Pierre drove me back to the hotel, agreeing to pick me up at six the next morning and take me directly to the Charles de Gaulle airport.
Pierre had been on time and fully cooperative, so I offered to again hire him for all of tomorrow at the daily rate even though I would not need him after about nine in the morning.
I would be his last fare tonight and his first fare tomorrow morning.
We agreed I would pay him for today and tomorrow when he dropped me at the airport.
Before getting out of Pierres cab in front of my hotel, my mind somehow found an idea.
Im not sure why.
Since the two detectives from the French National Police stopped in last night unannounced, I decided that on some level my idea felt smart.
I went up to my room, dropped my portfolio on the bed and went back out onto the boulevard.
After walking four blocks, I stopped for a bite in the same caf on the Boulevard St-Germain ds-Pres where I had eaten the prior night.
I considered trying a new spot, but it would be my last night in Paris and I remembered several things on their menu that looked interesting.
An hour later, not wanting to get lost, I walked the same path I had taken the night before.
As I neared where the warning shot had been fired at me, I kept an eye on the building from which I thought the shot had come.
I passed the area without incident, took a deep breath, and returned to the Hotel Saint Christophe.
The first thing I saw after flipping on the recessed entry light inside my room was my portfolio which remained on the bed where I had left it, but it had been moved.
I had left it lying lengthwise like a person would sleep on the bed.
It now lay sideways, across the bed.
The bottom dresser drawer, the one that stuck each time if not jiggled while partway closed, was crooked.
My suitcase was in the position I had left it, but the zipper was not.
I always brought the two zippers together precisely in the middle of the left side of the case, an easy way to determine if someone had gone through it during my absence.
The next thing I knew, I dropped to my knees, stunned, my mind feeling as gooey and wet as a well diggers handkerchief.
I had not been knocked out, but the blow to the back of my neck had been strong enough to leave my vision hunting for a way through a sky of dancing light spots.
Maybe I wanted to find the identity of who had hit me, or maybe why whoever had hit me, had hit me, or maybe more basic than that, I just wanted to be sure who I was.
Right now, it all seemed unclear.
It had been the kind of blow that made you forget everything beyond bladder control, but a moment later it all came rushing back.
I have been similarly close to knocked out on several other occasions.
I could not recall a single one being pleasant.
Tonight was no exception.
I got my arms under me and tried to rise but fell back.
Right then, I could have crawled under the belly of a duck, but standing up was a no-can-do.
After a major effort, I got one knee pulled under me.
Then a wire encircled my neck and a large foot pressed hard against the small of my back.
For the third time, I went back to the floor face down a short distance from where I had a moment before, hovered on my elbows.
The foot moved up between my shoulder blades.
The wire tightened.
The strong, unloving hands of a different man patted my pockets and my sides, then the cuffs of my pants near the ankles, and finally the contour of my back.
They had found no gun because I was not carrying a gun.
I had at least two visitors.
The one with the wire kept it taut enough that I could feel some of my blood making good its escape across my neck.
Whoever these mugs were, they did not come for a quick kill.
If they had, I would already be dead.
Small as it was, that element was in my favor.
It was about all I had.
The one with the frisky hands stepped to one side.
I heard him take out a handgun and bring one into the chamber.
The man with the wire loosened it, slipped it back off my head, and took his foot from my back.
I could peripherally see a pair of mens shoes standing to each side, six feet or so from where my lips were kissing the carpet.
The man to my left had the bigger feet.
Although at this point I was only assuming they were men.
They could have been women with the strength and feet of men.
The one with the gun barked out instructions.
The ones with the guns always get to do that.
Get your back against the footboard, he said, punctuating his command by striking the side of my thigh with the barrel of his gun.
Legs out front, feet spread, back of the knees touching the carpet.
Under the circumstances, I did exactly as I was told, something which I have always found distasteful.
I make exceptions when the teller has a gun pointed at most any part of my body.
This time the gun pointed at my groin.
Dont move, said the man on the other side of me.
If you do, you wont move again until someone else picks you up, and you wont know it when they do.
I looked from one to the other.
They both wore stocking masks with rough cutouts for their eyes and mouth.
They had to be hot in those things.
I liked that thought; I liked it a lot.
I also liked the fact that I wasnt already dead.
I liked that a lot, too.
They wanted to talk.
Maybe kill me afterwards, but talk first.
So I had some time, to do what I didnt know, but right now additional time was more rewarding than hitting the lottery.
Thanks for stopping by, I said.
Ive never been made to feel so welcome in a new land.
Are you fellows with the Paris tourist bureau?
I cant seem to find anyone who is.
Always the smart mouth, arent ya. The larger man snapped his head toward the one who had spoken.
He knew what I knew.
The talker had screwed up.
Another piece of the puzzle had dropped in place, a small piece.
If they were familiar with my mouth, they likely knew my name.
This was not a random burglary surprised by a returning hotel guest.
His voice had reminded me of the quiet French detective who had visited me along with the more talkative detective, Maurice Reynie, but this guy spoke English without a French accent.
Maybe these two werent Tweedledum and Tweedledee from the Prefecture of Police.
Or maybe they were, and this guy had developed the skill to vary his accent.
This one was in charge, and the ones in charge get to be in charge because they have more skills than the ones who are not in charge.
At least thats the way the system is supposed to work.
But we all know folks who have advanced beyond their skills to remain in one position and clog things up for the folks below them in the chain of command.
In any event, his comment about my smart mouth, the _always_ part, while likely true, confirmed that at least one of tonights visitors had talked with me before.
My learning this was one of the benefits of having a unique personality, or, as he had put it, a smart mouth.
It also had the drawback of increasing the possibility that they would end this talk with a bullet in my head.
Its been said that when one is facing death that their life flashes before them.
If so, those thoughts would need to be compressed like a computer zip file.
I mean, no killer is going to sit around while his prey reviews his life.
With this idea in mind, I thought about my ex-wife and her encouraging me to improve the behavior of my mouth.
I always promised, but it was time to confess I never worked at it very hard.
My poor effort on that score played a role in our divorce, although probably not a big role.
There were other bigger issues, but thats another story.
Still, seeing I might soon be facing my maker, I should admit that at least half, likely much more than half were my issues, not hers.
But she had some of her own as well, which, to her credit, she admitted.
Well, sort of admitted.
Women will say things like I realize that some of this may be my fault.
You notice the words dont say _is_ my fault, but _may be_ my fault.
In my exs case, she said, Its possible; I may not have sufficiently catered to your desire to be visually enticed. Again, as you undoubtedly noticed, she did not say, I _did not_ , but I _may not have_. I always felt admissions without an apology tagging along with a commitment to try and change lacked any promise that things would really get better.
And they never did; she probably felt the same way.
As for apologies, I apologize for boring you with this review of my failed marriage, but I may not get another chance, and I needed to get it off my chest.
Then again, this is something I should discuss with my therapist, as soon as I get one, and not all of you, at least not right now, my visitors were waiting.
In my head, all this took less time than it took you to read it.
Where is it, Kile? The bigger man asked, probably after deciding he had given me enough time to mentally reminisce about my ex-wife and our respective contributions to our divorce.
Where is what? I asked in reply, doubting that they knew.
They were fishing to see if I had gotten anything from Camille.
Dont fool with us.
Where is it?
I dont know what Then the shot rang out.
Well, spit out.
The gun was wearing a noise suppressor.
The bullet hit the wooden post of the double bed a foot from my right ear.
Wood shavings slapped my cheek.
I flinched.
Your last warning, Kile.
Give it up.
Hey, guys.
Whoever you are, youve already rifled my luggage and searched my person.
Im clueless.
I have only what I came with.
I havent even bought any mementoes to take home to my loved ones.
The next shot tore out another chunk, this time from the opposite foot post a bit farther from my head.
That part was good.
This shot had been fired by the man on the other side of me.
I hope you two are hitting the foot posts because youre good shots and not because youre bad shots.
Bottom line, guys, you can search me and my things as long as you want.
Take anything you find that appeals to you.
Hell, take all of it and sort it out later.
I dont know what you want.
I dont know what to do here.
Tell us about your visit today with Camille Trenet.
What?
Oh my God.
That.
Sure.
I came to see a woman named Chantal Talmadge.
Turns out the woman has been dead for years; I dont know exactly how long.
Camille Trenet is her sister.
For me, the visit was a dead-end, although right at the moment, I dont like using the word _dead_ in any context.
You were there yesterday as well.
Why two days?
Can I move my hand?
The blood on my neck is feeling  icky.
Slowly.
Okay, I said after wiping.
Yesterday, I went looking for Chantal and found her sister, Camille.
We visited for a few hours, a big waste.
What was your interest in Chantal Talmadge? The guy to my right was doing most of the questioning.
On that question, his accent seemed a bit more pronounced.
An attorney in Long Beach, California, is defending a woman named Clarice Talmadge for the murder of her husband, Garson Talmadge, who got shot dead last week.
Chantal is a former wife of Garson Talmadge.
The attorney wanted to check all the angles.
He sent me to see if Chantal could tell us anything that might help defend Clarice.
Exactly what did this attorney want to know?
Anything.
This was a fishing expedition.
We wondered if Garson had stayed in touch with Chantal, maybe written to her about his relations with Clarice.
Anything at all that might argue against Clarice having killed Garson.
If we had known Chantal was dead, I wouldnt even be here.
What else?
He was curious about the Talmadge children.
Thats pretty much it.
Like I say, the attorneys fishing.
I think hes daffy, but, what the hell, I get expenses and my daily rate to visit France.
Why does this attorney want to know about the kids?
Before you answer, get up slowly and move onto the bed with your back against the headboard.
Put your feet back like they are now.
Hands crossed in front of you.
Do it.
I moved onto the bed.
The kids? He repeated.
Nothing.
Everything.
Anything.
Im guessing here, but attorneys in murder cases often want to find other possible suspects.
If they can get the jury to wonder if someone else killed the guy, then the jury may develop reasonable doubt.
Thats a big thing, reasonable doubt, in American murder trials.
There werent a lot of folks to pick from to promote the alternative killer theory.
The kids would get a good amount of money from their papas will.
Might they have killed him to get to it sooner?
Maybe Chantal, the ex-wife came over to get revenge, and she killed him.
She would make an excellent alternative killer, but that didnt work, her being dead and all.
Like I said, Im guessing here, the frigging attorney only tells me so much, but it makes no sense to me.
Kids dont go around killing their fathers.
Its a nutty idea, but hey, like I said, I got an expense paid trip to Paris.
Why should I complain?
Right?
Roll over on your face, feet and arms apart.
Spread eagle.
I did.
Why did you go back today?
I felt the bed move.
Then I heard a digging sound, more like gouging than digging.
One of my guests was retrieving the bullets from the foot posts.
That was nothing.
Camille likes to drink.
When I was there, she promised she would contact me if she thought of anything.
Standard investigation stuff, you know, if you think of anything further, please get in touch with me.
My flight out wasnt until tomorrow morning, so I took her a case of her favorite whiskey.
That woman can really put it away.
I figured a token gesture might make her feel good toward me so she would call on the off chance she did think of anything.
Hey, its fun spending an expense account.
I wouldve bought you guys something if I had known youd be stopping by.
Where did you take her? The voice came from the other side, the side from where I felt the bed moving.
Oh that?
She got to drinking and talking about her sister dying without a will.
Said she had to get her own will drawn.
Said she would likely leave what little she had to her sisters children, Garson Talmadges kids.
That she had no one else.
She knew of an attorney, but she had no car and didnt know when she might get to see him.
She called after I offered to have my cabbie drive her down there; I had the taxi on the daily rate so it didnt cost me extra.
She got an appointment.
We waited and drove her back.
I had time and felt sorry for the old gal.
I had nothing better to do.
This whole trip was a big blowoff to tell the truth of it, and now this foolishness is wasting your time, too.
While I answered, the digging stopped.
They had retrieved their slugs.
When are you going home, Mr. Kile?
Tomorrow morning.
But I appreciate you not letting me spend my last evening in Paris alone.
You sure you guys arent with the tourist bureau?
They said nothing more.
I heard nothing more.
Not even the click of the hotel room door.
I stayed as I was, in the spread eagle position on the bed for a few minutes.
I had guessed correctly.
They didnt want the international incident of killing a celebrity writer with a huge fan base.
Well, maybe not a celebrity, and maybe not a huge fan base.
Lets just say a writer with a few loyal readers.
After chugging a short bottle of cognac from the minibar, I took a long, hot shower.
The water felt good running against the top of my head, although it did burn as it ran over the abrasions and short wire cut on my neck.
I checked it in the mirror.
The skin had been broken in several places, and the hot water got it bleeding again.
I wrapped it in toilet paper while I finished off the other two small bottles of cognac and a pony bottle of French champagne.
Most countries prominently feature the products of their own country; America should do that as well.
I would apparently survive my memories of France, although that would not be certain until tomorrow late morning when my flight left the earthly bounds of Paris.
I hoped one day I would return to take in more of the history and art of the country.
I also hoped my newfound friends would be in hell by the time I came back, or better yet, be waiting to give me the opportunity to send them on their way.
* Chapter 20 Chapter 20{{{1 # Chapter 20
The next morning, before leaving Pierres cab, I lowered the armrest in the center of the backseat.
After pulling free the Velcro strap, I opened the ski storage area that extended forward from the trunk, and removed Chantals diary and Camilles affidavit.
The iffy decision I had made last night had paid off.
Maybe it had even kept me alive.
My long flight gave me lots of time to read Chantals diary and to reexamine all that I had learned and what I thought it all meant.
It also gave me time to decide that after this case, I would stick to writing about crime and punishment.
Getting beaten up and shot at for real was a lot more painful than for the characters in my books.
Speaking against this solid reasoning was the fact that while there were women like Susan and Clarice in my novels, the femme fatales in books only walked in your mind, didnt really kiss you, and cant, how should I say this, use more than words to show their appreciation.
* * *
More hours later than I want to know, I staggered into my Long Beach condo.
I wanted to sleep a hundred years, but that would make shaving the next morning a bitch.
Since my divorce, I hadnt really thought of any place Id lived as home, but right now my condo felt like home.
I kicked off my shoes and stripped down, then walked naked into the kitchen.
The under-cabinet lighting let me see to crush some ice, drop it in an old-fashioned glass, and add a twist of lemon, all of which I drowned in two jiggers of Tullamore Dew.
After one sip, things looked better.
I headed out to the balcony to listen to the ocean.
On the way, I stepped on something hard and small.
After howling and hopping a few times on the opposite foot, I found one of Astas crunchy dog treats embedded in the soft underbelly of my foot.
I smiled and wondered how the little pooch was doing, probably very well.
I imagined the little dog cuddling into Susans warm curves.
These were the females in my life now, two murder suspects and a chihuahua.
I say that without counting my daughters and my ex, for they were no longer in my life, but they were still my life.
My relationship with Susan was only beginning, but I liked her, and she had let me know she felt the same.
I had a brief fantasy about her which took place right there in my kitchen.
The fantasy ended with my picking up the toaster and a few other items which had been knocked to the floor.
If the fantasy had been for real, I could have skipped tearing this months page off my celibacy calendar.
I longed to switch to weekly celibacy calendars, but right now in my life, it was enough of a challenge just thinking in terms of once a month.
Unlike my continuing and messy, yet somewhat friendly relationship with my ex- wife, my relationship with Susan was uncomplicated.
Except I have slept with her stepmother.
And I had never fantasized having a mother-daughter thing with both of them at the same time.
That would be  disgusting, maybe.
Oh and theres the part about Susans stepmother being my client who is under arrest for murdering Susans father, who may not actually be Susans father.
Ive also been in a fight, more like a tussle, with Susans brother.
We dont like each other, her brother and me.
And then theres this: if I do my job well, it may end with Susan getting a couple million dollars less from her fathers estate, or with her or her stepmother in prison.
Susan is incredibly beautiful and sensuous.
In case you arent aware, there is a difference, not to mention her being intelligent, fun, and easy to be with.
Oh, yeah, one more thing; Im over-the-top horny.
Okay.
Youre right.
I admit it.
My relationship with Susan is complicated, very complicated.
Still, bottom line, horny trumps complicated every time.
* Chapter 21 Chapter 21{{{1 # Chapter 21
I started the morning back on the balcony with a container of yogurt which carried a use-by date that had come-and-gone while I was France, two pieces of buttered toast and a big mug of hot coffee.
I had given the building superintendent who already had keys to all the condos for emergencies, a copy of my mailbox key.
Whenever I traveled, he brought my mail up and put it inside my condo.
Its amazing what good service you can get from people who claim to be overworked, simply by being a generous tipper.
Before going out to the balcony, I picked up the mail he had left on my kitchen counter and tossed it on the tray along with my eats.
I usually took along my laptop so I could check a few stocks I own and the ball scores, but not this morning.
First order of business was to prioritize a list of things that needed to be done, all of which seemed to be chanting: do me first.
I needed to get Camille Trenets affidavit to Brad Fisher, along with her sister Chantals diary.
I needed to pick up Asta and spend some time with Susan.
My loins had already voted for doing that first, but my head said it would fit better nearer the end of the day.
I also wanted to learn more about why the FBI had been so interested in my trip to France.
I needed to chat with Fidge.
Fill him in on my adventure in France.
And, sometime or other, I needed to stop at a supermarket to get some fresh yogurt, fruit, and to prove the urgency of going to the store, I had just used my last coffee filter.
I refilled my coffee cup and settled back to go through the mail, which consisted of several bills and a quarterly royalty statement from my publisher.
Its a good thing to get some income in the mail along with the bills.
For some time I had been thinking about hiring an assistant, maybe just part time.
Someone to deal with the mail, prepare the bills for payment, and respect the occasional request from a reader.
Most mail from readers is email.
I always answer those personally, and keep a post box for my readers who dont do email.
Its surprising how many folks dont.
The duty roster for the prospective part-timer was already growing.
My last cellmate, Axel, was getting out of prison in about two years.
He had been in since his mid twenties; I guessed his age now to be in the sixties.
Some of the other old-timers described Axel as a tough and mean youngster who had dropped the chip off his shoulder as he aged and become a grand old man, kind to everyone.
While Axel was inside, he had worked as a secretary of sorts for the warden and had become a whiz on the computer.
Axel and I shared a cell my last two years.
I knew he was scared stiff about getting out.
For virtually all of his life, someone else had decided when Axel went to bed.
When he got up and what he ate.
Had picked out his clothes, chose when he exercised, well, you get the idea.
He had not shopped for anything for forty years.
He would have to learn how to drive all over again.
Cars were so different, and at his age, learning to drive again would not be easy.
When all of this suddenly gangs up on the longtime con, it can be overwhelming.
More than once Id thought about hiring Axel.
I had even asked my attorney to talk to the parole board and see if Axel might get let out early.
Id like to help him ease back into society.
Then again, I wasnt too keen on having a regular reminder of my lost years.
Id have to think on it more.
The mail the super left on the counter had included an envelope without a stamp or a return identity.
The note inside had no name, but I knew Fidges handwriting: _We must talk.
Dont call._ _Ill expect you after the house goes dark; come to the kitchen door._
* Chapter 22 Chapter 22{{{1 # Chapter 22
Brads legal assistant said the man could see me at ten-forty-five.
He would be free from then until noon, but he had a lunch appointment.
I showered, dressed, and made it to his office with no time to spare.
How was Paris? he asked for openers.
Did you have any more trouble from the FBI or the Paris Prefecture of Police?
Not exactly. The furrow in his brow deepened as I told him about the gunshot warning and the damage done to the bedposts in my hotel room, not to mention my neck and sense of well-being.
You werent hurt?
No.
They shot up the bed bedposts, not me.
Did your trip bear any fruit?
I handed him Camilles affidavit and sat silently while he read it.
Then he said, The diary? I handed it over and went back to being quiet.
After a few minutes, he said, I cant read all of this right now, but I will.
Have you read it?
I nodded.
In the plane.
Its interesting and clearly supports all that we hoped it would.
Susan and Charles are not Garsons children.
The father was a French big shot.
It appears his identity died with Garson.
We dont know whether hes a maker of weapons or a government official who was paid to grease the wheels for the deals.
Can we find him? Brad asked.
Sure.
All we need is DNA from a couple hundred or so men in powerful positions, including those who have left industry or government, and throw in those who have died since Garsons children were born.
Oh.
That ought to be easy, Brad said while shaking his head.
Im betting the real father is still alive and still a big shot.
Hes the guy who ordered the shot across your bow and the visits in your hotel room.
I agree.
Maybe the FBI knows, I added as an afterthought.
You know someone there who might talk to you?
Maybe, theres a woman agent in the L.A. field office who helped me a bit on one of my stories last year.
I got to know her, strictly professionally speaking.
With Garson being here, the L.A. office likely is heading up whatever inquiry the FBI is making.
Can we be sure they are even making an inquiry?
FBI Agents Smith and Jones hauled me in for a chat when I got to Paris.
That didnt happen without somebodys approval, not unless theyre on our bad guys payroll.
Tell me more about Camille Trenet.
If we fly her in, will she make a good witness?
Camille is a lady who likes to take a drink, even if she has to knock you to the sidelines to get to it.
But, yeah, keep her off the hooch for a couple of days, and I think shed do okay.
She comes across as honest.
Your biggest problem is she hates Garson.
I had to promise to take her by his grave so she could spit on him.
She wants to help Clarice even if she iced Garson.
Youll need to coach her to call him Garson while shes on the stand.
What does she call him?
That worthless man.
She never said his name once the whole time I was with her.
Brad and I talked around the case a while longer, but nothing we discussed had much meat on it.
Then Brad left for his lunch appointment.
His assistant had tracked down the names Sappho and Charaxus.
Turns out Sappho was an ancient poetess on the Island of Lesbo who had first written of a womans right to love another woman.
Charaxus had been her brother.
We still had no idea why Garson had chosen those names.
My guess was sick humor.
* * *
When Brad left at eleven-thirty, I headed for the supermarket where I blew a c-note.
After stopping home to unload, I gassed up my car and headed for the Los Angeles office of the FBI that was located on Wilshire Boulevard between Sepulveda Boulevard and Veteran Avenue.
I parked in their free parking, which meant I paid for it as a taxpayer, rather than as a specific visitor.
The office was high up enough to give me a choice of vertigo from an elevator ride or a heart attack from trucking up the stairwell.
Fortunately, this elevator was larger and less rickety than the one I had ridden to see Two Dicks at the Long Beach Police Department.
That helped some, but not enough to keep me from holding my breath as well as the hand rail while the box shimmied up its cable.
I hope you arent getting the idea that Im some wimp.
Im not.
I have faced a mess of fearful situations, even listened to my bed posts getting shot up in Paris, but elevators do cause me to cower a bit.
Still, I suck it up and handle it when there is no reasonable alternative.
That should count for something, shouldnt it?
At the front desk I asked for Maria Martinez, one of the L.A. offices four special agents in charge.
Maria had been kind enough to generously give me time last year when I needed to confirm a few details regarding the FBI for one of my novels.
This time I had come unannounced; I only had to wait about three minutes.
Hello Mr. Kile.
Its nice to see you again.
Thank you.
But youve forgotten my name.
Its Matt.
Matt.
How can I help you?
Another novel in the works?
Theres always another novel in the works, but thats not what brought me here today.
Youve got me curious.
Your office is working a case.
Im not sure the exact content, but it involves a recently deceased American, Garson Talmadge.
Mr. Talmadge is a former French citizen and reputed arms dealer.
But Im telling you things you already know.
Id like to find out your interest in Mr. Talmadge.
Id also like to know why the bureau had interest in my recent trip to Paris, France.
Give me a few minutes, Matt?
Id like to see what I can find out that we can talk about. Maria left.
After ten minutes, Special Agent Maria Martinez returned together with a man I didnt know.
Maria introduced him as Kenneth Washington, the assistant director in charge.
The title meant he was the FBI top man in this field office, including the several satellite offices in the metropolitan area.
Special Agent Martinez tells me you are inquiring about whether or not we are looking at the activities of Garson Talmadge, Assistant Director Washington said.
I nodded.
What makes you think we have an interest in Mr. Talmadge?
Please.
Lets not waste each others time or insult one anothers intelligence.
Garson Talmadge is a former arms dealer who brokered weapons and related materials to Saddam Hussein.
He retired here and became an American citizen.
Hes now dead.
All of which we both know.
At your request, Im guessing, Agents Smith and Jones detained me in Paris to ask me about my visit there.
Later, two detectives from the Paris Prefecture of Police tossed my hotel room and hurried my departure from France.
And that doesnt include someone shooting at me on the streets of Paris, an event known to the Paris Prefecture only minutes after it happened.
It took connections to get those things done to an American citizen traveling in Paris.
You are also talking with Garsons daughter, Susan Talmadge, with respect to said weapons deals.
And from that you are figuring what, Mr. Kile?
That you directed Agents Smith and Jones to get in my face.
Either the two French detectives, whom I call Tweedledee and Tweedledum, or the bureaus Smith and Jones returned to my room the next night.
There I was accosted, threatened, partially strangled for effect, and forced to watch my bed posts being shot full of holes to put the fear of France into me.
Certainly, you do not believe the FBI fired a shot at you on the street, or was involved in beating you?
It is interesting that your question, you do not believe the FBI fired the shot, is stated in the singular.
I believe you described the event as a shot.
Check the recording you are making of this meeting.
I did not.
I referred to it in a manner that did not identify one shot.
Your knowing means either that one of your agents fired the shot, or, more likely, you have been briefed by someone in France who knows the particulars.
I can assure you the FBI would not be a party to having even one shot fired at you, or any citizen, for any reason.
Yes.
Well, Id also like to think the FBI would not stand by while an American citizen, Clarice Talmadge, Garsons widow, is tried for a murder you know she likely did not commit.
Who do you figure took the shot at you, Mr. Kile?
I figure the shot and the other intimidations were done at the direction of French munitions manufacturers or government officials who were involved in Talmadges weapons deals.
I figure they felt squeezed a little by my visit, but even more so by your investigation.
Now its your turn to do some of the talking.
Tell me, am I right or am I right?
Essentially you are correct, Mr. Kile.
You need a bit more show and tell than just essentially you are correct, Mr. Kile. Brad Fisher, the attorney for Clarice Talmadge will be filing the appropriate demands to gain access to your files.
His defense will include the likelihood that the powers behind my being harassed in Paris killed Garson to shut him up.
Logic says they did so because the bureau was getting close to muscling Garson into coming clean to keep his good standing as an American citizen.
I agree with your reasoning as to why Garson might have been murdered.
I may also tell you we have nothing probative on who shot Garson Talmadge.
We are not prepared to stand up in court and say that Clarice Talmadge did not murder her husband.
Then you can expect Mr. Fisher will give you a chance to testify at her trial that you know Garson ran weapons and that you have no evidence that Mrs. Talmadge did kill her husband.
And also, that you find credible Mr. Fishers argument that Europeans involved in the weapons trade may have killed Garson.
In any event, I simply dont believe you would help convict an innocent, grieving widow in order to protect your precious file.
Mr.
Kile, there are others with interest in the matter of weapons sales to Saddam Hussein, and some of those parties are unaware we are interested.
The testimony you are suggesting we give would tip those people off and possibly put an end to our ability to close in on them.
In return, we would have nothing.
In return, you will have self-respect from knowing you saved a widow from being jailed for a crime she did not commit.
Certainly protecting American citizens is part of the FBIs mission statement.
We arent ready to proceed in that direction at the moment.
Lets see how this develops over the next few weeks before the trial begins.
So for now, we leave this poor woman grieving in jail, without her freedom, afraid for her life, because doing so is tactical? It was a question for which no answer was offered.
I sat looking at Assistant Director Washington and Special Agent in Charge Maria Martinez.
They sat looking at me.
Then Washington asked, Is there anything further we can do for you today, Mr. Kile?
Yes.
Id like the names of the French industrialists and government officials you have identified as having been part of Garson Talmadges weapons deals.
Im sorry.
I cannot provide those names.
In part because we lack clear evidence of their complicity, and in part because our European counterparts, who are working that part of this inquiry, have not shared those identities with us.
They will not do this until they are more convinced those citizens of their country are guilty.
So, they are protecting their citizens while the FBI throws one of its citizens to the wolves?
Weve explained our position at the moment on this matter.
Obviously, were talking about people of power and influence in France.
Is there anything further, Mr. Kile?
For now, no.
Oh, by the way, you are aware, arent you, that Susan and Charles Talmadge are not Garsons children.
Assistant Director Washington smiled as he stood and extended his hand.
I shook it and left.
I had done most of the talking, but I doubted I had told them anything they didnt already know, and that told me quite a bit.
* Chapter 23 Chapter 23{{{1 # Chapter 23
I had called Susan and invited her out to dinner.
She countered with the suggestion that we eat in, at her place.
I got there around six.
She met me at the door with a short glass in which a small lemon wedge rested on crushed ice that peeked above a pool of Irish whiskeythe color is unmistakable.
An hour later the three of us were enjoying medium-rare T-bones and salads.
Asta skipped the salad and ate only steak, on the floor below the table.
Susan had cut Astas steak into bite sized pieces.
She hadnt cut mine.
Susan asked about my trip to France, whether it was fruitful.
I talked around the rough stuff, but told her about Chantal having died.
She took it harder than I expected.
After the steaks and salads, we had Irish coffee.
I took a sip and asked, How long have you known that Garson was not your father?
I had tossed that one out unexpectedly to get her honest reaction, and I got it.
For nearly four years, she said.
Charles took the news harder than me.
Papa explained it to both of us.
After all those years, why did he tell you?
He didnt.
For some reason, I had always wondered.
I dont exactly know why, but I did.
In law school I took a class that included information on DNA evidence.
It wasnt hard to put together what was needed for the tests.
Did you also learn the identity of your real father?
No.
Papa would not say.
I pressed him, but no dice.
He said he had given his word and that he didnt want his enemies to become my enemies.
We talked all that around and around, including how his reference to his enemies might support a theory of someone from that world killing him.
She understood that Brad Fisher would use all that in a Plan-B defense for Clarice.
Oh, in case you wondered how Susan was dressed, well, she was all woman and proud of it.
As for me, I was just proud she wanted to put me into her trophy box.
Although, I had to admit, her reasons for wanting to do so would not be clear until after the case.
I had never taken a bribe, and I wasnt about to start now, even though her bribe, if we can call it a bribe, would be more tempting than any I had been offered while on the force.
The character of her come-on would be clear after this case wrapped.
Call me a silly romantic, but Ill wait.
Before leaving I asked her how Garson went about discussing issues with her and her brother.
She admitted that her papa, not always, but regularly, discussed matters with her before he made a final decision.
And that he rarely did so with Charles.
Rarely or never?
Well, never, she admitted.
I often encouraged him to include Charles in our discussions, but he didnt.
So he talked most everything over with you, not Clarice or Charles, informing them of his decisions after they were made?
Yes, except that he told Charles of most decisions, but rarely told Clarice.
He was an old-fashioned man.
Charles and I had worked for papa all our lives so he was used to our being in the loop.
Clarice was a recent entry whom he saw only as part of his personal life, not business or investment.
One more thing, Ive heard all kinds of opinions about when Garson stopped dealing in weapons.
What is the truth?
His official position is that he stopped when he decided he would come to America.
Later that got revised to his stopping before he applied for U.S. citizenship.
I suppose all that doesnt matter a great deal any longer.
The truth is he didnt stop until the U.S. invaded Iraq; thats also when the French manufacturers stopped being willing to sell to Saddam Hussein.
And Garson would discuss these weapons deals with you up until that point?
With me, yes.
Charles role was more that of a courier of sorts as he would carry verbal information between Papa and France.
As you can imagine, very little went into writing.
Charles would pass the information to a flunky in France who would then tell the French principals.
That way, Charles never needed to know the identity of the French and Middle Eastern players.
And you?
Papa never gave me their names either.
The things he discussed with me could effectively be discussed and decided without names.
He would just say its best you not know.
He would also say that the people at the other end knew I did not know their identities.
* * *
By fifteen after ten, Fidge and I were sitting at the redwood picnic table in his backyard.
He had come out with his fingers through two empty circles in a plastic six-pack ring that still clung to four cold beers.
The urgency of his message was about the fact that in the morning, Two Dicks was going to the D.A.
Once there, he planned to pitch his idea of tossing me into the mix alongside Clarice even though the department didnt have anything more than some conjecture.
The D.A.s case was built on Clarice murdering Garson, but Clarice had claimed, and I had confirmed she was with me, so Two Dicks reasoned we did it together and would hang tough on our exchange of alibis.
Fidge admitted that under orders from Two Dicks, he had canvassed my building.
Two of my condo neighbors were ready to testify they had seen Clarice coming or going from my condo in the wee hours of the morning on several occasions.
I had no idea Two Dicks hated me that much.
Im sorry, Matthew.
Not your doing.
If you hadnt done it, Dicks would have replaced you on the case.
The same things would have happened, only I wouldnt know about it.
Thank you for telling me, youre the best friend a man could have.
We finished our beers and opened the last two, then I said, Is that the mans full argument?
Clarice was with me during some of the time in the range of hours during which Garson was murdered, so I must have helped her murder him.
And for proof, hes got my neighbors willing to say that Clarice was in the hallway some nights coming from my place?
Its pretty flimsy.
Its tissue paper, Fidge.
The D.A.
cant make that stand up.
Matthew, you told me you only had a one-night stand with the woman, and that was before you knew she was married.
Thats the truth, I said.
She came down other nights, just as she did the night Garson was murdered.
I know it may be hard for you to believe, but all those visits were about friendship.
She and I were not lovers.
You and I both know Clarice is a real looker with a permanent open-for-business sign, but, well, she was married so I didnt fool around with her.
You see, Matthew, while that could be seen as admirable, it can always be painted to show you and she were crazy about each other and wanted the old man out of the way.
I know that.
But its not enough to get more than suspicion of infidelity on her part.
Last time I looked, thats not a capital offense in California, and nobody has been arrested for infidelity since the days of the inquisitions or whenever.
We had opened the last two beers before Fidge said, So, whatre _we_ going to do?
You let me handle that.
Your nuts are in a vise already.
We gain nothing good by adding your name to Two Dicks shit list.
So what are _you_ going to do?
I told him it was best he not know.
I hugged the biggest and the best friend I ever had before walking back to my car; I had parked around the corner.
It was the first time we had ever hugged, and we did it knowing it was against the real-men-dont-hug creed.
Then again, we didnt touch cheeks, which definitely would have been over the top.
The hug creed has unwritten exceptions for things like winning the World Series or other championships, or trying to keep your best pal out of prison for a second time.
Lesser things, like sinking an eagle putt, only get a fist bump, which has largely replaced the high five.
But either is okay because they dont involve men touching each others bodies.
But then there are exceptions to that as well, but only in sports where the guys slap each other on the rump all the time for good, but not earth-shattering achievements.
I know its confusing.
I also know Ive likely done nothing to help clear it up in your mind.
* * *
When I stepped around the masonry wall to approach the stairs that went up to my floor, something hit me.
I went down where whoever it was hit me two more times with whatever he was hitting me with.
At that point I didnt know anything other than where the blows struck.
The first hit my middle back, the next two the thigh of my left leg.
The weapon felt like a baseball bat, not just the hardness, but also the width and how it felt.
Other sounds suggested there was two involved in the attack.
That made sense because thugs rarely worked alone.
Clarice is innocent and I wont stop until shes freed. I said this loudly, and then waited to hear the reaction I would get.
If this attack was related to my investigation these two would likely react differently from how they would if this were a random mugging by a couple of druggies looking for money.
Back off, Kile.
This is a friendly warning.
You wont get another.
The voice didnt sound like Agent Smith or Jones or Tweedledee and Tweedledum from France.
The good part was when they said, Back off. If they planned to put me down forever, back off would not be in their thoughts.
So, Id likely walk away from this.
Well, limp away.
But at times like this Ill settle for crawl away.
Did I meet you guys in France last week? They didnt answer.
I didnt really think so.
The two instances in France had been finesse and calculated rough stuff.
These two were long on muscle and short on brains.
Still, I wanted to get them talking.
The voice had sounded somehow familiar although forced deeper.
Go back to your writing, one of them said.
Youre no longer a cop.
This is out of your league.
We wont tell you again.
If you make us come back, next time will end with someone shoveling dirt in your face.
They hadnt bothered to frisk me.
They knew I wouldnt be packing a gun.
While my inability to get a weapons permit was a matter of public record, I doubted these fellows read the public record.
Instead, they worked for someone who knew.
Clarice knew.
So did Susan, which likely meant Charles, too.
The FBI knew.
And, of course, my old friend Two Dicks, who had made a personal appearance to speak against my being licensed to carry.
Lets just kill him now, a different voice said.
Why trust that hes got the message?
No.
This is all youre being paid to do. So, the boss man is here.
Then the first voice said, Youve been warned, Kile.
Now stay where you are. Then his voice changed like it would if he were facing a different direction.
Ill leave now.
You keep him here for five more minutes and then split.
I lay there until I heard a motorcycle start up.
Then I started a move that I hoped would allow me to stand.
When I was part way off the deck, the motorcycle moved closer.
The sound was not right at me, but near.
Then a foot pushed me back down.
The rider laughed and speeded away deeper into the underground garage.
I did get to my feet, sort of got to my feet and headed toward the ramp that took cars up to the street.
Then I heard the motorcycle tires squeal as the bike turned around.
The rider had gone for the ramp that led up to the back street.
Given the hour, that entrance had been chained closed.
I heard the bike accelerate.
The rider was coming back toward me, toward the ramp to the front street, the ramp toward which I staggered.
I tried to hurry, but the effort was doomed to fail.
The rider would reach me before I reached the street.
When I got near the little booth in the middle, I stumbled.
The bike drew closer.
I anticipated another kick from the rider.
I dropped to one knee and lowered my head as the motorcycle got close.
Then, just as the biker swerved to get near me, I stood, leaned against the little booth and quickly raised the chain that had been lying over the pavement of the ramp.
The one the building super puts up to close the entrance side while leaving the exit side open.
No one drove in through the exit side due to the angled spikes that would puncture tires.
The chain struck the rider across his chest.
The bat he was still holding skidded and bounced across the cement floor until it reached the wall where the fat end made it roll in a tight circle, then lost its energy and went still.
Meanwhile, his bike had continued up the ramp without him until it charged into a tangle of evergreen bushes.
I staggered over to pick up the bat, staggered back to the fallen rider and rolled him face up.
When I pulled his mask off, all I could think of was Mr. Clean from the TV commercials.
The guy was white, head shaven, and wore a small hoop earring in his right ear.
I love the bikers who think theyre too tough to wear helmets.
He was out cold.
I went through his pockets.
No identification, but he had a cell phone.
I took that, also three hundred he had in his pocket, likely the fee for working me over.
I was insulted I came so cheap.
Still, I figured I had gone through more to earn the money than had Mr. Clean, so I put the three hundred in my pocket next to the cell phone.
He had no weapons other than the bat I now had.
I always liked baseball.
I had always liked smashing the ball over the wall.
Unfortunately, I didnt smash enough balls over enough walls to have a future in baseball, so I became a cop.
Funny how life happens to us on the way to our dreams.
I considered pissing in his face to revive him.
I would have except that damn DNA stuff has taken a lot of the fun out of such things.
It wouldnt be cool for a pardoned con to be charged with pissing on Mr. Clean.
So, I did the next best thing, I used the bat to imagine I was smashing three home runs over the wall.
The first smash went into the center of his back and the other two on the rear of his left thigh.
Even in my pained and woozy condition, I was certain those three blasts would have all cleared the centerfield wall at Dodger stadium.
Then I headed up to my place.
It hurt to move, but the hurt told me they had not broken anything except my belief in being invincible, but that belief had been shattered while I was in prison.
This sneak attack after the sneak attacks I endured in France was pretty convincing.
No one came at you straight on anymore.
Face to face.
Mano a mano.
Nowadays, it was all about guns or knives, drive-by shootings, and in this case a drive-by batting.
Whatever happened to the American west?
Meet at high noon in the middle of the street.
The good guy wins, and the bad guy goes to Boot Hill.
The world we live in now has a lot of thugs, but we are in short supply of real tough guys.
In prison you learned to always know who was behind you or coming toward you.
Your eyes slept in shifts, one and then the other.
Right then I knew I needed to be more careful if I was going to live this kind of life and not just write about it.
I also decided I would try my best from now on to stick to writing about it.
But damn it was fun to do it, even if a lot of pain came along with the fun.
It was a struggle, but I got upstairs where my Irish medicine waited.
I planned a liberal, internal application after which I would sleep.
In the morning I would decide if I needed any further care.
* Chapter 24 Chapter 24{{{1 # Chapter 24
My leg hollered at me from inside when I bent over to pick up the morning paper which had been left just outside my door.
After coming back inside, I twisted some to pull my robe over and look at the back of my black and blue thigh using the full length mirror in the hallway.
That move reminded me that Mr. Clean, playing the role of bat-man, had also worked on my back.
I used a handheld mirror to learn the thigh-matching color on my back ran from just below my shoulders nearly to my waist.
Thank God for coffee machines that start automatically, and for my having found the time to pick up some filters yesterday afternoon.
I filled the biggest mug in my kitchen, lathered a bagel, and squeezed the morning paper under my arm before heading out to the balcony where I sat with my back toward the warmth from the rising sun.
I went inside long enough to get the bikers cell phone.
Back on the balcony I opened the phone and fumbled around until I found the window where it showed his recent calls.
There were six.
Five calls from yesterday and a call he had made about an hour before we met in the parking garage.
All the calls made before yesterday, assuming there had been some, had all been erased.
The oldest of yesterdays calls had been to the number he called just before we met in underground parking.
A different window told me he had received a call from that same number around dinner time.
I called the four numbers which he had called once: three were bars and the fourth a motorcycle repair shop.
Then I zeroed in on the number involved in the other three calls.
Thugs often use stolen phones bought on the black market.
Often these are quickly shut down after the real owner discovers the theft.
When that happens, the thug switches to a different hot phone, and the entire process repeats itself.
The called number looked familiar, but I couldnt place it.
When I called the number, I got a recording saying this number is no longer in service, likely because it had been stolen.
I thought about calling Fidge.
He might find out who owned that number, but the odds werent good, and it would put Fidge in a tough spot.
Two Dicks was still pushing my ex-partner to find a way to pin Garsons murder on me.
If Dickson ever found out Fidge was helping me with anything, my ex-partner would be back directing traffic.
For now, Id trust that eventually Id recall why that number seemed familiar.
I took a bite of my bagel and opened the Long Beach Press Telegram.
The front page banner headline read: KEY SECURITY, HAH!
Below that was a picture of yesterdays edition of the Press Telegram propped up on Garson Talmadges dining room table.
The story rolled over to page seven.
The story supported what would become part of Brad Fishers defense.
The cops had proclaimed, in part, that Clarice had to be the shooter because the deadbolt prevented anyone else from getting inside the condo.
They would also claim their contention was further supported by the fact that all the keys to the Talmadge unit had been accounted for.
At the end of the article was a circle around the word TRUTH with a big X which appeared to be stamped over it.
There were two more pictures on page seven, and both were absolutely spectacular.
The first showed a straight down photograph of the same newspaper as I was reading, this mornings, with a door key beside it lying on a black flat cloth, ideal for a blowup to confirm it was the key to the Talmadge condo.
The other picture was a wide-angle shot staged to clearly confirm it had been taken inside the Talmadge condo, the newspaper visible in the distance.
Malloy had come through big time.
God bless you Tiny Tim.
Ah.
Now I remembered.
That was Malloys first name, Tim.
Timothy Malloy, a fellow Irishman and, I imagined a fellow lover of Irish spirits.
* * *
I called Brad who agreed things were looking good for Clarice.
He wasnt certain it would get her released, but it definitely took a big bite out of the D.A.s circumstantial case.
And I expected it would also put the kibosh on Two Dicks efforts to get me added in as an accomplice.
Brad also told me that Blackton, Garsons business attorney, had called and asked Brad to come to his office in an hour.
No, he answered when I asked, Blackton didnt say why.
He only said it would be good news for my client.
I want you to come along, Matt.
I smell something big.
I could hear it in Blacktons voice.
Then well figure out our next move.
* * *
On the way over to Blacktons office, I told Brad Fisher about my meeting two strangers in the underground parking for my building.
He offered to take me to his doctor or stop at the hospital.
I convinced him that wasnt necessary.
They cant do much for bruises and sore muscles other than apply a generous portion of bedside manner and some pain meds.
It would have been different had the batting I took broken any bones, but it hadnt.
I needed to tell Brad about my being worked over because he might be penciled in for the next visit.
There was a certain pecking order to these things.
The investigator came first, then, maybe, the attorney.
They could instead bump me off, but that wouldnt stop anything because Fisher could simply hire a different investigator.
Whoever had hired the thugs wanted the defense of Clarice Talmadge to end, or at least be relegated to going through the motions.
That meant, regardless of their threat, that they would be more likely to put the muscle on Brad than rub me out.
I hoped I had that figured this correctly.
By noon, Brad Fisher and I were sitting in matching leather chairs across from Sidney Blackton, who was clearly uncomfortable.
Sidney, Brad said for openers, why are we here?
Sidney Blackton reached out, his hand quivering slightly, and handed us each a copy of a one-page letter dated three days before Garson was killed.
The original, Blackton said, I have under plastic to be turned over to the police.
I didnt yet know what the letter said, but Blacktons emotions were clearly scrambled.
We read in silence:
Dear Sidney, We have an appointment in a few days to discuss the changing of my will.
We didnt have a chance to talk on the phone, but I wanted you to know I have decided to increase the amount left to Clarice to half of the total and reduce what is left to the children.
GR
It had taken only a moment to read, but at least a minute to find our voices after the reading.
The meaning of this was immense.
Why would Garson reduce the amount to his children?
I mean they were not his children in a biblical sense, but he had raised them, and they had remained loyal to him.
The existing will said one third to each child and the other third to Clarice.
The D.A.
was preparing to argue that Garson had told his son he was axing Clarice entirely.
This letter said something quite different.
Mr.
Blackton, I said, From the copies youve given us, it appears the letter had been folded as if it came in an envelope.
Was it?
It clearly has been folded to fit a number ten business envelope.
The envelope however was not with the letter.
Is that normal?
I mean throwing out the envelopes of letters?
Yes.
The exception being when return addresses are meaningful for some reason, but thats rarely the case in my kind of practice.
Brad asked, Sidney, when did you get this?
I cant say exactly.
I was going through his file to see if there were any lingering matters that might still require my attention.
The date on it was three days before his death.
I found it this morning while going through the file.
You hadnt seen it before?
No.
How did it get into your file? I asked.
I can only guess.
I cant say that other correspondence has never been mishandled, but not often, Blackton said.
Somehow it came in and got filed without having been seen.
We have a file clerk, a law school student who comes in on a regular basis.
My secretary has a tray.
We both put things in it.
The clerk files them away.
Somehow this might have gotten into that tray and he left the obvious unsaid, but punctuated it with a shrug.
Well, Blackton said, looking back and forth between Brad and myself, this certainly punches a big hole in the argument that Clarice killed Garson because he was going to drop her from the will.
Brad looked over at me and added, It also shows that Charles was lying about what Garson told him in the late call the night he died.
Does it? I countered.
A few days passed between when this letter was created and when he was killed.
It is possible that Garson could have changed his mind again and called Charles and told him he would cut out Clarice, just as Charles has told the police.
So, Blackton said, I still have no clear idea of what Garson wanted done to his will.
This is your area of law not mine, but wouldnt you agree, Brad asked, looking directly at Blackton, that the only course as to the disposition of his assets is the current executed will that divides it all three ways between Clarice, Susan and Charles?
Thats how I see it.
If any of the three of them tries to argue to the contrary, we are back to conjecture since this letter says a second thing, and his son will claim a third.
The will is properly executed; it should prevail.
Can we talk to your file clerk? I asked Blackton.
I already have.
I drove over and met her between her morning classes.
I took along a copy of this letter.
She doesnt recall it, but thats to be expected.
She files hundreds of things every week.
No reason any one should stick in her mind.
She pays no attention to content.
But, sure, I told her you might want to speak with her. Blackton tore a sheet off a scratch pad.
This is her name and contact information.
Now, may I ask you a question?
Brad nodded.
Blackton said, Criminal law is your specialty.
What are the chances of finding fingerprints on the original of this letter?
Before Brad could answer, I jumped in.
Mr.
Blackton, may I also speak with your secretary?
Perhaps take her to lunch so as not to infringe on your office time, with her agreement of course.
Blackton nodded then looked to Brad, The fingerprints?
Well, first off, your instinct to try to protect the original was good.
As I understand it, paper is one of the hardest surfaces from which to lift prints.
This is due to paper being absorbent, except for highly glossed paper, which is rarely used for writing purposes.
There are techniques for chemically drawing the skin oil of the print up out of the paper, but this is not an easy process.
Im sure the police experts will give that a good effort as wed all like to know who handled that letter.
Obviously, finding Garsons prints on it would be very helpful for my case.
I should have called the police first.
Ill do that as soon as you leave. Blackton nodded as if agreeing to his own decision.
Ive also prepared a sworn statement as to what I have just told you. He reached out.
Heres a copy, Ill give the police the original of that as well.
Is there anything else, Mr. Blackton, I asked.
No.
I think thats it. He stood and reached out to shake hands.
Brad first, then myself.
While still grasping his hand, I asked.
So, Garson was doing weapons deals right up until his death, right?
I have no knowledge of that.
I was his civil lawyer.
I never asked and I never knew anything about that part of his life.
Whats your gut telling you, Sidney? Brad asked.
Off the record? We both nodded.
I think he had stopped before he died.
I cant give you anything hard on that.
Just little stuff made me think so, nuances, like that.
How far back? I asked.
We know its a guess.
A few years, but I could be all wet about that.
The only thing he ever said was that he used to do that, and he wanted me to know he had stopped when he got his U.S. citizenship and came to America.
Thank you, Brad said, its off the record.
On the way down in the elevator, Id been in too many elevators this week, I told Brad about Susan admitting that Garson had not stopped dealing until we invaded Iraq.
Also about his keeping from her the names of the industrialists and government officials involved.
And that they were also kept from Charles who had functioned as a liaison courier between Garson and the front men for the European connections.
My guess, I told Brad, is if we need to ascertain about when Garson stopped doing deals, we can research Charles schedule of flights to France.
We drove out of the parking lot that serviced Sidney Blacktons office.
In the past few hours this case had been turned inside out and stood on its head.
The D.A.s case had become Puff the Magic Dragon.
The pictures in the morning paper had destroyed any claim of the killer not being able to get a key to enter Garsons condo.
And the letter we just got from Blackton heavily damaged if not destroyed the testimony of Charles Talmadge that his father planned to drop Clarice from his will.
The only possible counter argument being that the letter could not be proven as being typed by Garson, and it was signed with a typed GR, not GT, Garsons first and last initials.
The prosecution might also contend that Garson had changed his mind after the letter and before calling his son.
But without any kind of support, that dog wouldnt hunt.
What are you doing? Brad asked as I did a u-turn and headed back into the parking lot of Blacktons building.
We need some support for the contention that letter came from Garson.
We need to find out if he had given other typed letters of instruction to Blackton.
Letters ended with a typed GR for the signature.
Letters Blackton knew from the legal service he provided, had come from Garson.
I should have thought to ask, Brad said in a tone that suggested he felt disappointed with himself.
We were both stunned by the turn of events, I said.
We had an understandable case of brain fade.
Twenty minutes later, we again left Blacktons office after he had shown us two other letters he had in his file, typewritten letters from Garson.
Both were signed with a capitalized, typewritten GR.
Both letters were about matters that Blackton then handled for Garson Talmadge.
As best as I could tell, one of the letters, the more recent of the two appeared to have been typed on the same typewriter as the one in question, a typewriter with a clogged inside of the circle on a lower case b.
The cops will check this against the typewriter in the Talmadge condo, Brad opined.
Good, I said.
Let the cops make your case.
* * *
Before I went to sleep, I called Fidge so we could touch base on what we had been doing.
He let me know that yesterday afternoon, after he met with Sidney Blackton, he had stopped at the murder scene and picked up the typewriter in Garsons bedroom.
He had called ahead, and the department had their outside typewriter expert waiting when Fidge got back to the station with it.
The letter Blackton had turned over to Fidge had been typed on the typewriter in Garson Talmadges bedroom.
* Chapter 25 Chapter 25{{{1 # Chapter 25
Around noon the next day, Fidge called me on his cell.
He had confronted Charles Talmadge about his claim that Garson had told him he was dropping Clarice from the will.
Chucky didnt give an inch, Fidge said.
He still insists his father called him to say he was removing his wife from the will.
Okay.
That doesnt come as a big surprise.
Any news on the fingerprints on the letter?
Theyre working on it now.
Im guessing they might be done by the time I get back to the station.
After its done, Ill call you when I can.
Two hours later, Fidge called.
The letter has no useable prints, not even partials.
The letter had been handled by someone who had lotion on their hands.
The brand of lotion was identified, and there is a big bottle of it with a pump handle sitting near the water cooler in Blacktons office.
I had been hoping for Garsons prints, but even without that, the way I saw it, the D.A.s case had drowned.
Blackton would testify about finding the letter, and that other similar letters had come from Garson on the same style of paper.
The typewriter expert would confirm the typewriter was Garsons.
That would cancel out the unconfirmed testimony from Charles Talmadge about Garson meaning to drop Clarice from his will.
In poker language, a letter beats a verbal claim.
All the rest the D.A.
had would be diluted by the newspaper pictures showing someone else had gotten into and out of the Talmadge condo despite the locked dead bolt.
The condo key security claim was bogus.
The D.A.
was left holding a bag with nothing in it other than the thoughts of dirty minded and cynical people who believed that beautiful young women do not marry old, wealthy men for love.
Clarice fit that description, but from my having known them, I felt she had made a bargain with Garson and was holding up her end.
* * *
Am I hearing you correctly?
The District Attorneys office wishes to drop all charges against Clarice Talmadge?
Yes, your honor, effective immediately.
I am entering the dismissal _with prejudice_.
We agree, your honor.
The _with prejudice_ qualifier meant, generally speaking, that absent a successful appeal, the D.A.
could not again arrest Clarice for the charge of murdering her husband.
The D.A.
had wanted the dismissal to be _without prejudice_ so he could refile the charges without needing to clear a much higher hurdle.
He had surrendered that position only after Brad Fisher threatened a wrongful arrest suit based on their evidence having been flimsy all along.
He spoke eloquently of a bumbling police department and heartless district attorneys office arresting a widow to be left to grieve in the ugliest of places, without compassion or understanding.
Mrs.
Talmadge, the judge looked Clarice right in the eyes.
You are free to go, with the courts apology.
Im sure you have received a proper apology from the District Attorney.
Clarice Talmadge cheered and hugged Brad Fisher, and then she hugged me.
Its over, Clarice, Brad said.
Youre free.
Go home and get back to living your life. Then Brad shook my hand.
Thanks, Matt.
I couldnt have done it without you.
I hope we can work together again.
Its over for you, counselor, not for me.
We still dont know who murdered Garson Talmadge.
Thats not our job.
No, Brad.
Thats not your job, but an investigator doesnt stop until the case is solved or every possible lead has been run to ground, at least not this investigator.
I still need to know who and why.
After another round of glad handing and back slapping, I looked over at Fidge, who winked at me and smiled.
Clarice waved to my ex-partner and smiled.
Fidge lowered his head while looking back at her.
I liked that.
Clarice wasnt holding a grudge, at least she wasnt acting like she did.
Then she twined her hands around my bicep, drew up close and whispered in my ear.
Lets go back to my place and celebrate.
I feel like I havent eaten, drank or fucked in a year.
On the way out, Susan stepped out from one of the bench seats to stand in front of us.
We stopped.
After one of those seemingly long, unsure moments, Susan smiled and the two women hugged.
Women have much more liberal rules about hugging their own sex than do men.
Women will even dance together in public, which men wouldnt do even after winning the World Series.
Things were looking good.
Everybody seemed happy, but the core question remained unanswered and that prevented me from joining in their reverie: who murdered Garson Talmadge?
The freeing of Clarice would make finding Garsons killer all the more difficult.
The prospect of her unjust conviction had been the wedge to pry open more of what the FBI knew, or at least what they suspected.
Now they had no reason to do so until they were ready, if ever, to coordinate with the French authorities to bring more of this out in the open through arrests or the ubiquitous leaked scandal.
So, what did that mean?
Id have to find the killer without any help from the FBI.
It sounded easy when I said it in a simple sentence, but like so much in life, the devil would be found in the details.
But I wasnt going to find the answer tonight.
Clarice Talmadge was a free woman, no longer a suspect, no longer married, and no longer wearing jailhouse orange.
She was back on the market, and I was ready to go shopping.
Tonight I would burn my celibacy calendar.
Right then, in the hallway outside the courtroom, Susan Talmadge came over and stood very close.
The trial is over for Clarice, I said, but I still want to know who killed your papa.
And Im still a suspect.
Is that what youre saying?
I wouldnt put it that way, but I need to stay clear headed until we get to the end of the trail.
Tell me you understand.
I understand, damn it, as long as weve got a date the first night after you get your man  or woman.
I nodded and smiled with anticipation before saying, Youre on.
Literally, Mr. Kile? She smiled at what we both knew was an intentional double entendre.
Literally, Ms. Susan. I touched her cheek just before a reporter stuck a microphone in front of my face.
Mr.
Kile.
Does this mean youre giving up the writing game and are back in the crime-fighting business?
Whoa.
Whoa.
I was just doing what I could to help Clarice Talmadge, a friend, who I knew to be innocent.
The real hero here is Brad Fisher, attorney at law.
Go see him for this story.
As for me, Im still a writer, so please come back to interview me when my next novel comes out.
Its a date, the reporter said over her shoulder as she headed toward Brad who was already standing in front of a handheld TV camera.
I turned back, but Susan was gone and in her place stood her brother, Charles.
Mr.
Kile, your work is over.
Youre terminated.
Send us your final bill.
I was employed by your stepmothers attorney.
It is up to him when Im terminated.
His job was to represent Clarice.
Hes done that.
Shes free and cant be tried again.
I repeat, youre through.
Get out of my face, worm. I tried to step around him.
He put his left hand on me with his right inside his jacket.
At least he was learning, this was better technique than what he had tried in his apartment.
Oh, sure, I said, youll going to pull your gun here on the courthouse steps with the TV cameras running ten yards away.
I can tell you from my own experience that isnt smart.
I wont warn you again, Kile.
Youve put your hands on me twice and gotten away with it because I like your sister.
Under the law, thats an assault and I have the right to defend myself.
You put your hands on me again, Ill knock your teeth out and then kick you in the balls for mumbling.
Clarice was standing with Brad Fisher, being interviewed.
I took the opportunity to head for my car.
I wanted to get home and spend a little time with Asta since she would be back with Clarice before the night was over.
That silly little mutt had sort of grown on me.
Or maybe I was hoping Asta would tell me about sitting on the bathroom rug while Susan took a shower, or maybe a bubble bath.
I know, dogs cant talk, but men can fantasize.
I also wanted to have some Irish and try to sort out the come ons from Susan and Clarice.
Being involved with both of them was okay, I guess.
They werent really mother and daughter, but it still sort of felt weird.
Good weird, but weird.
My love life had been suffering from a long bout of unemployment, and now I had two job offers.
And I was looking forward to putting in my application for both positions.
* Chapter 26 Chapter 26{{{1 # Chapter 26
The next morning, I slept in after a rigorous night applying for the part time job with Clarice.
I would say the job was piecework, but somehow that seems tacky.
I hadnt done that kind of work in a while, but it was like riding a bicycle.
Clarice had met me at the door wearing a fabulous cycling outfit, which really got me in the mood to swing my leg over the seat.
The euphemistic bicycle had to have been a bicycle built for two because Clarice had done a significant portion of the pedaling.
We had ridden around most of the night, then having gotten all hot and sweaty we took a shower and turned our attentions to eating and drinking.
After that, I had come back home to sleep.
If for no other reason than to keep some, slight as it was, distance.
Clarice was no longer a suspect in the eyes of the police, but she hadnt graduated to that status in my eyes, not completely.
I had done my job for the defense, and I didnt really think Clarice had killed Garson, but I had seen a way where she could have.
And, if that theory held up, it meant she had first tried to use me as an alibi and then later as her champion.
I would know soon enough, or at least know more soon enough.
We had a lunch date and I planned to use it to test drive my Clarice-still-did-it theory.
* * *
Not being greeted by Asta had made my place seem lonely.
But I put it aside and took some coffee and the morning paper out to the balcony.
The sky was clear and a gentle ocean breeze had blown away Mother Natures fog just as fully as Clarice had blown away my fog.
The newspaper was full of pictures and stories about Clarice and the dramatic surprise end to her trial, which had never really started.
The D.A., Fidge, and one of the presss favorites, the citys dapper chief of detectives, Captain Dickson, had all made their smiling statements about justice prevailing.
There was also an interesting article titled, _The Real Garson Talmadge._ The reporter had to have been working on this article for a while as it was chock full of suspicions and the famous unnamed sources to complete a sordid picture.
Garson Talmadge had been a crusty gent who had made a wad of money selling the tools of death to despicable dictators who used those tools without compunction.
The article ended with the question which still consumed me: who murdered Garson Talmadge?
There were no city budgets, or other cases for me to be assigned.
The Garson Talmadge case was mine and I would unwind it as long as I could find a thread to pull.
* * *
I left for my lunch date with Mary Stone, Sidney Blacktons secretary.
We met at a nondescript lunch diner on the corner across from her office.
I got there early and took a booth in the corner.
I had seen her in Blacktons office, so I would recognize her even if she didnt recognize me.
Mary Stone was not what you would call an attractive woman.
She was wearing an outfit that must have been picked out for her by the fellow who designed rental bowling shoes.
No one took rental bowling shoes home, and I figured the same was true with regard to Blacktons secretary.
Still, she had a nice smile and a pleasant voice.
Mr.
Kile.
First I must tell you that Ive read all your books.
I have your most recent one with me.
Would you please autograph it for me?
I told my book club I was having lunch with you.
It would be my pleasure. I put quotes around, To Mary Stone, signed it, and then said, If you would like me to meet with your book club sometime, let me know.
Some book clubs like speakers, some dont, so no problem either way. She thanked me effusively, and then I dove into why we were meeting.
I told her that no fingerprints had been salvageable off the letter her boss had given us; the letter that supposedly came from Garson Talmadge.
Then I waited while Mary ordered a salad and ice tea.
I held up two fingers to the waiter so he would bring me the same.
Then I moved into some new territory.
Based on your recall, how often did Mr. Blackton have appointments with Garson Talmadge?
I would say about once a month, sometimes more often.
Did Mrs. Talmadge ever come along with him?
Most of the time she did.
Did she sit in on the meetings?
Oh, no, Mr. Talmadge did not want her involved in his business affairs.
At least thats the reason Mr. Blackton told me, but no, she stayed outside.
The two men always closed the door.
So, there was no one else in the meeting except for Mr. Blackton, Garson Talmadge and, of course, the firms file on Garson Talmadge.
Not exactly, the files are kept behind my desk.
When Mr. Blackton needed the file he would buzz me.
Did that happen during most of the visits?
Mr.
Blackton liked to make his clients feel like they were visiting with a friend.
He kept the business trappings to a minimum.
He even cleared off his desk.
Then if he needed anything because of what the client and he discussed, he would ask me to bring it in.
He does that with several of his real regular clients.
I think they like it that way.
And what did Clarice do while she waited?
Read magazines?
Talk with you?
All of that.
Sometimes she would go out shopping close by, but mostly she sat and read from her e-reader, sometimes they were your books, Mr. Kile.
Oh, and once, she went downstairs to get the men a latte at the gourmet coffee shop in the lobby.
After I got her to agree to call me Matt, I asked, Only once?
Well, yes.
After they left that day, Mr. Blackton reminded me they were clients and that I should go to get the coffee, not Mrs. Talmadge.
And did you do that very often?
Every time they came in, after Mr. Blackton told me to be sure and do so.
And who watched the office while you were gone?
That must have taken what, fifteen minutes or so?
About that long, yes.
Id put the phones on the recorder, you know, were with other clients at the moment, please leave your number and a brief message, like that.
But most of the time the phone didnt ring.
Mr. Blackton has a very select clientele.
He doesnt get a lot of calls.
I like that part of the job.
I smiled.
So, often Clarice Talmadge was left in the office alone for fifteen minutes  about?
Well, yes, in the front office, but Mr. Blackton was in his office.
With Garson Talmadge with the door closed.
Correct?
Yes.
It was the way Mr. Blackton wanted it handled.
There was never any problem.
When I had called earlier to confirm our luncheon, I had asked Mary to check on the date of the last time Garson and Clarice had come to their office for a meeting before the date Garson had been killed.
It had been nine days.
We visited a bit longer, but nothing more came out of it that seemed relevant.
If Clarice had murdered Garson and had gotten away with it, she could have used her visit to Blacktons office to salt her husbands file with the letter typed on Garsons typewriter.
If she did, however, that would have risked it being found during the nine-day period before Garson was murdered.
And, in that event, Blackton would have told Garson, who would have known the letter was a phony, and whatever followed would not have gone well for Clarice.
I had a second lunch date which started in thirty minutes, with Clarice.
I walked Mary back to Blacktons office so I could take a look at the file cabinets behind her desk.
We had been gone over an hour and the cabinets had been left unlocked.
* * *
The top Clarice wore to lunch might not have gotten her a spot in a _Girls Gone Wild_ video, but it would have gotten her an audition.
I drove us north and pulled into the Marie Calendar restaurant on Candlewood in the city of Lakewood, just across the border from Long Beach.
Have you ever eaten in a Marie Calendars Pie Shop?
Clarice hadnt, but she seemed game, so we went in.
It was Saturday, and if he held to the habit he used to have, Two Dicks ate lunch there on Saturdays.
It was a chance, but the worst that could happen was Id have a pleasant lunch with Clarice in her audition outfit.
There he was in a corner booth.
I led Clarice over, figuring she would enjoy meeting a man with his nickname.
That is, if she hadnt already met him, which was why I had brought her.
Hello Captain Dickson.
What a surprise to see you here.
May we join you?
He looked stunned.
I was like the next-to-last person in the world he expected to see, and the very last he expected to join him.
That was just what I wanted.
His eyes were on Clarice, which was understandable.
I positioned myself to the side from where I could see both their faces at the same time.
Ah.
Sure.
Please do, Two Dicks said.
Clarice slid into the oblong booth.
I entered the booth from the other side to retain a view that included both of them.
So far, if Clarice knew him, she wasnt tipping it off.
As for Two Dicks, his attention remained on her.
Still, I couldnt be certain if he had actually hiked in the hills he was surveying, or merely wanted to at the moment.
What do you recommend? I asked him.
Its all good.
Stick a pin in the menu, you cant go wrong. I ordered a meatloaf sandwich on grilled Parmesan sourdough, fries and a coke when the waitress came to our table.
Clarice said, Just coffee for me.
Im glad you werent found guilty, Mrs. Talmadge, Two Dicks said, but it did leave us with an unsolved case. He smiled.
We talked about nothing in particular until our food came.
Two Dicks pushed the catsup over toward me.
Then he moved the real sugar to one side, and slid the small bowl that held the artificial sweetener toward Clarice.
A few of my neighbors said the police were making inquiries, I said to Two Dicks.
Is there anything you would like to ask me?
That was just routine, he said, with a dismissive wave.
You know how that goes, Matt.
That phase of the investigation is over anyway.
And frankly, we have no idea where to look now.
Brad Fishers theory about your husband being killed by someone from his past looks likely.
What do you think, Mrs. Talmadge?
Ive thought that all along, ever since that weird call asking for Gar.
Youre probably right, but that takes the case outside my jurisdiction, so Im not sure how much more we local cops can do.
I hope you understand.
Its quite possible the Long Beach Police Department may never move this one into the solved column.
I dont like admitting that, but maybe the Feds or the French police will turn up something.
But then, I dont know if they even are looking into it.
Im sorry, Maam.
I understand, Captain Dickson.
Of course, I want my husbands killer found.
But nothing is going to bring Tally back, so Ive just got to move on with my life.
A very healthy attitude, Mrs. Talmadge, and may I say you are looking wonderful.
Hopefully, our jail was not too unpleasant.
Now thats a disgusting place.
The worst place I have ever been and certainly the worst place I have ever slept.
I am sorry.
Please tell me you understand.
Its a feeble defense for the unpleasantness you endured, but we were just doing our job.
Unfortunately, we dont always get it right.
Clarice smiled.
I had left them to talk while I ate and studied their faces.
Well, folks, I need to be getting back to work.
Saturday is supposed to be a day off, but not really, civil servant and all that. I slid out and Two Dicks exited the booth from my side.
Matt.
May I call you Matt? I nodded.
And may I add you did some nice work on this to help Brad Fisher.
Our mothers are close, and so we talk.
He said that I had lost a topnotch investigator.
Maybe Ive been too harsh in judging you.
We shook hands and smiled.
One of those mushy moments soaked in insincerity, and certainly nothing that altered my low opinion of the man.
You know how that goes.
We all need a few people we dont like, and so when we find one who fills that need, we hang onto the sentiment.
Its one of the things that separate adults from children.
Kids forgive so easily while adults are able to hold grudges.
I took Clarice home and went to my condo to call Timothy Malloy.
Clarice was free in large part because of the excellent work of Timothy Malloy.
I also asked if I could stop by and see him in the morning; there was something else I needed him to do.
Then I went down the hall to pet Asta and take another bike ride with Clarice.
* Chapter 27 Chapter 27{{{1 # Chapter 27
I awoke a little earlier than usual, got dressed and drove over to Timothy Malloys locksmith shop.
I wanted Clarice followed.
I wasnt sure for how long or exactly what I would learn from doing so, but something was still amiss when it came to Clarice Talmadge.
The one thing I knew, or strongly believed, was that Clarice and Chief of Detectives Richard Dickson had known each other before I introduced them at the restaurant.
They had both performed the, glad-to-meet-you bit, but Two Dicks had tipped it off by knowing she used artificial sweetener.
He had not only moved the regular sugar to get to the fake stuff, he spun the little bowl around so that the pink packets, not the yellow packets, were facing toward her.
He knew thats what she used.
Thats why I had brought them together without their knowledge.
To look for some little tell, and the sweetener had been their tell.
Suspects will ad lib the big stuff, stage it for your viewing pleasure.
Its the little stuff they arent paying all that much attention to that reveals the lies.
Things they do without forethought.
Without a doubt, Clarice and Two Dicks had performed for me.
Could Clarice have killed Garson with help from Two Dicks?
Or, had he simply been another bed coup for Clarice?
And, from his side of it, he didnt want it out that the departments chief of detectives had done the pelvic polka with a suspected murderess.
Then again, maybe the thinking was that Dickson could help Clarice someway.
Spoil a key piece of evidence, whatever.
The only thing certain, there was something connecting them, and I had to fill in the center of that something.
Malloy couldnt handle the tail job himself, but he stepped up to quarterback the team.
One of the men who worked in his shop was an ex-con.
Timothy said the man could be relied on.
I figured Tim would know, and a tail job doesnt require much more than staying with the target and taking plenty of pictures.
Malloy said he would set it up and act as a go between, so his man would never know my identity.
I would get the reports and pictures through Malloy.
* * *
Brad expected that once the dust settled around Garsons estate, that Clarice, Susan, and Charles would each get a little more than five million dollars.
I suggested he interface with Blackton to assure that Camille Trenet would get her subsistence money, with the three-way split being calculated after that had been allowed for.
I couldnt let go of the case until it played out, but I was still a writer and I needed to somehow schedule enough time to get back to that work.
I wanted my next mystery to be released as an e-book and in paperback in four months, and I still had about twenty pages to write.
Then the rewrites and editing and the all-important readings from a few trusted friends who have a good ear for dialogue and a good mind for plot.
Friends who would tell me the truth about what they liked and didnt, and why.
After two days of dawn-to-dusk writing, I typed THE END.
As a reward I called Susan to invite her out to dinner the next night.
She was scheduled to work at the gentlemens club, but she said she could switch and take the lunch shift and be free for dinner.
Most of the girls prefer working evenings; the tips are bigger.
Come there about seven.
Ill be done and ready to go.
Come fifteen minutes sooner if youd like to catch my last performance. I suspected in part she wanted to see how Id handle myself.
* * *
I got to Susans club ten minutes before seven.
Susan was on stage finishing her last performance, or exhibition, or number.
I had no idea what time on the pole was called.
When the applause died down, she slipped her arms into a thin robe of sorts and came over.
Im glad you dont frequent these clubs, Matt.
Who says I dont?
I can tell.
We talked through dinner and then moved outside to a couple of chairs that looked out toward the Long Beach pier.
We had an after-dinner drink, then another.
I enjoyed her company and followed her lead.
She never brought up Charles, Clarice, Garson or his murder.
On the way back to her place, she said, I appreciated our not talking about the case.
I just figured you werent ready, and if you were youd bring it up.
You try to hide it, but youre a sensitive man, Matthew Kile.
I admire that.
I know youve been spending time with Clarice, and that youre okay with that because youre convinced shes not guilty.
Frankly, I agree with that assessment.
But, still, when you are similarly convinced of my innocence, Id like a chance to compete for your attentions.
Is that too forward and plainspoken of me?
No maam; Im flattered.
But at the risk of ruining the impression you just said I made, Id like to ask your opinion on a loose end in the case.
Okay?
Go ahead.
If you didnt know it, attorney Blackton told us that Clarice came to his office whenever Garson met with the attorney, but that she stayed in the waiting room.
That fits because you told me Garson did not include Clarice in his business or investment discussions.
So, why did Clarice go along to those meetings?
I mean, she just sat in the lobby and waited.
That cant be fun.
On those days, Papa and Clarice would go to a little diner on Atlantic Boulevard for hamburgers, and to split a piece of peanut butter pie.
I know the place, Russells.
Its famous for its pies.
When did they start going there?
Almost a year ago.
Clarice found it one day and suggested she go with Papa to his next meeting with Blackton whose office is just a few blocks from the restaurant.
It became a thing they did  Is there anything else, Mr. Kile?
Im sorry if I ruined the mood.
I really am.
It just didnt make sense to come back in an hour or tomorrow morning to ask you that.
I understand, she said, Im just sick about all this.
I want it over.
I mean I want Papas killer found, certainly.
I dont know what is in the future for us, but Id like to get on with finding out, but we cant because this case is a wall between us, and I dont like that.
I feel the same way.
Goodnight.
I watched Susan walk up to her second floor unit.
When she got there, she turned and we swapped smiles.
On the way back to my place, Timothy Malloy called.
His man had something and Malloy would have it for me by morning.
His man had said it was a real zinger.
* Chapter 28 Chapter 28{{{1 # Chapter 28
I met Malloy for breakfast at a small local caf well known for their breakfasts.
The manager gave us a private corner booth.
I do the lock work here, Tim said.
They know me. Then he slid a big envelope my way, manila with a metal clasp at the top.
The glue swatch hadnt been sealed but the wings of the clasp had been spread to hold the envelope closed.
I pulled out the contents, a stack of maybe six or eight photographs.
As I looked through them, Tim said, Its one of them you-lock-it-you-store-it places over near Signal Hill.
The first photograph showed Clarice unlocking storage unit number seventeen.
From the row of similar doors that I could see in the first picture, seventeen looked about the size of a bedroom closet in a tract house.
The next picture showed Clarice relocking the padlock on the door, but coming out she had a modestly bulky package under her arm.
Tims man knew his craft.
The camera he used had put a date and time stamp on each picture.
Clarice had been in the unit about twenty minutes.
There were several more photographs, each taken with precise timing to clearly show her face or whatever else the picture was designed to reveal.
The next picture showed her coming out of building four which housed unit seventeen.
The last two showed Clarice in her car, stopped at the curb cut from the parking lot, glancing west through the drivers window.
The second showed the license plate on the rear of her car.
Did your man see anything that suggested what she had stored, or what she had brought out of Unit seventeen?
Not his job, Malloy said.
Then he dropped a key on top of the envelope, much like one might toss a chip into a poker pot.
I looked at him without saying anything.
My face must have said what I was thinking, Whats this?
He took close-ups of the padlock; I went by early this morning.
This key will open the lock.
Is your man expecting to be paid?
Hey.
What makes the world goes round?
Of course, but he works for me and did it during his shift.
I took two hundreds from my wallet and tossed them over to Tim.
Heres a tip, pass it on.
He did a fine job.
Thank you, Tim.
Can I pay you?
Dont insult me, Matt.
Then were square.
You dont owe me anything more.
Next time, if there is a next time, I pay.
Like hell.
What little Ive done doesnt cover you saving me three to five years of my life.
Not to mention my being able to keep the cash I got out of the safe, along with the plans for the jewelry store heist.
If it wasnt for you, Id have been in jail and never been able to go legit and buy my shop.
Likewise, if it werent for you, the jewelry job would have never been solved, and those two murderers would still be on the street.
All that sounds pretty even to me.
Tim got out of the booth.
While he did, I grabbed the check.
He smiled.
Okay, Matt.
Thanks for breakfast.
On the way back to my place which, as you know, is down the hall from Clarices condo, I thought about the various ways to play it.
I could burgle her place while she was out.
Tim had given me one of two keys he had made prior to entering the Talmadge condo while I had been in France.
In the alternative, I could confront her.
By the time I pulled into the underground parking garage, I hadnt made up my mind about anything except, for now, there would be no more bike riding with Clarice.
* * *
An hour after getting home, I still hadnt decided how to play it with Clarice.
I needed to know what she had taken out of storage unit seventeen.
I drove to the storage facility, parked, walked into building four, unlocked unit seventeen, turned on the inside light and closed the door.
Unit seventeen was empty except for two cardboard boxes, regular storage boxes like what would be used to store office files.
There was one word written on the outside of each box: video on one box and audio on the other.
I opened the one labeled video.
Inside were about a dozen tapes.
Like the boxes, the tapes each had a label with one word: a mans name.
I thumbed through them and found one with my name.
Two video tapes said Blackton.
The label on the next read Dickson, in fact there were four labeled Dickson.
Five other tapes had the names of men who lived in our building.
I had no video player with me, but I felt certain these videos were not from birthday parties.
The box labeled audio held several dozen audio tapes but they had no names, only dates or ranges of dates.
I took both boxes with me and drove home.
As I drove, I wondered if Clarice might have killed Garson and used a compromising tape with Garsons attorney, Blackton, to get him to salt his file with a letter Clarice, not Garson, had typed.
She had access to Garsons typewriter.
And, I was assuming the two videos gave her big-time leverage over Sidney Blackton, a married man.
That would explain Blacktons nervousness when Brad and I met with him and got the letter.
Blackton admitted his staff had screwed up, but that didnt explain his heightened case of nerves.
I had sort of blown it off at the time as Blackton being a little embarrassed and a lot wimpy.
But attorneys deal with tense and difficult situations regularly, so his behavior had seemed over the top.
Could Clarice have been that diabolical?
She filmed herself seducing her husbands attorney and then killed her husband, setting up the murder scene so it pointed at her enough to get her arrested and charged.
Then used films of her trysts with the attorney to set up a scenario under which she would be released.
And, let us not forget, she also had films of her seductions of Two Dicks in case she might later need the departments chief of detectives to do whatever to further weaken the case against her.
It all fit.
It was all brilliant.
And it was definitely diabolical.
And if true, I had jumped into her plan to help out by using Malloy to prove someone else could have gotten inside the Talmadge condo.
Clarice was free with the charges dropped, but the case now had more unanswered questions than it did before.
The biggest question being: Did I consort to unknowingly help Clarice beat a murder rap?
And what about Dickson?
Maybe he had already helped Clarice.
Maybe he went down and offed Garson using Clarices key while she was with me.
Dickson was single, so there was no threat of a marital scandal to force him to cooperate.
So, if he helped her kill Garson, he had to have been insanely in love with her.
For some reason, I couldnt see this confirmed bachelor getting himself that involved with the married Clarice.
I reasoned that if Clarice had murdered Garson, she had done it herself before or after having been with me.
This scenario meant she had the videos of her with Dickson as a hole card.
If the case somehow went bad, maybe because Blackton chickened out and wouldnt plant the letter, she would try to leverage Dickson to somehow taint the evidence or whatever.
If all that is true, Dickson had never known about the film of the two of them, or Clarice having killed Garson.
First, I needed to see the videos to be sure there wasnt a rational explanation for the films.
I didnt think so, not for a minute, but I had to be certain.
I would deal with Clarice, and then I would find out whether or not Two Dicks was part of it.
Then there was the mystery of the audio tapes.
Were they phone calls between Clarice and these men?
Maybe they were phone calls or meetings between Garson and others who participated in his weapons deals with Saddam Hussein.
* Chapter 29 Chapter 29{{{1 # Chapter 29
Oh, Matt, Clarice said, you scared me.
What are you doing in my place?
How did you get in?
I had surprised Clarice.
Thats what I wanted to do.
Your coffeemaker comes on automatically, so I helped myself to a cup.
Did you sleep well?
Matt.
Whats wrong?
You seem different.
Distant.
Tell me about the video tapes?
What video tapes?
The ones youve been taking of yourself with your lovers.
This one for example, I tossed one in the middle of the table.
This one features you and me although you are clearly the star with me in a supporting role.
Its from when you were in my apartment before you and Garson moved in.
Apparently, the camera set up is in that big purse you often carry.
Im sorry, Matt.
I never meant for you to know.
Ill bet you didnt.
Sit down.
Were going to be here awhile.
I want to hear it all.
I dont know if I want to talk about it.
Take the one with you and leave.
No dice, darling.
Filming this stuff without consent can be a crime.
Some of these fellows are married, most of them.
Perhaps theyve all been blackmailed.
Oh.
No.
I would never do that.
You know me better than that.
Like I knew you couldnt have killed Garson.
Like that, you mean?
You dont think that, do you?
That I killed Tally?
Sit down, drink your coffee and tell me all of it.
You only get one pass at it.
Get it right or your collection goes to the cops.
They cant get you on murder, but setting up and maybe implementing a blackmail scheme is serious in its own right.
She sat down.
Garson taught me to do it.
He set up the camera for me.
Why?
He enjoyed watching.
It was how he could get hard.
Well, how  sometimes.
He liked watching you? I asked while watching her reaction.
Yes.
He got off watching me with other men.
 Look, Im going to need something stronger than this damn coffee. She got up and went to the refrigerator.
When she came back, she had a bottle of red wine and a stemmed glass.
You want some, Matt?
I held up my cup, This is fine.
Go ahead.
Thats it.
Tally liked watching and truth be told, it was a turn on knowing I was being filmed.
There is no more to the story.
What did you do with the films?
Like I said, Garson watched them.
We both did.
Oh, come on.
Most of these guys were married.
You cant tell me you didnt use those films to gain some advantage.
Or maybe Garson did.
No.
He wanted them for his private viewing pleasure.
Hey, this isnt so way out there, you know.
People do this.
Its not that uncommon.
I refilled my coffee and squirmed to rearrange the way I was sitting.
Sure.
Folks do it, generally however, theyre filming only themselves.
What youre doing isnt commonplace.
What do you think I would do with them? She stood up and crossed her arms.
Oh, you could have blackmailed Lou Johnson who lives above you, no pun intended.
Hes loaded and totally intimidated by his wife.
Hed pay to keep her from knowing.
Thats ridiculous.
Tally picked Johnson.
Tally wanted to see me with a guy around his own age.
He wanted me to do for Johnson what I did for him.
Why did you keep them in storage?
If Garson enjoyed watching them, why not keep them handy in his bedroom?
We did that at first.
He watched them constantly.
He became obsessed with watching them.
Then he would get frustrated and so angry at himself that he would get ill.
Angry?
He couldnt perform nearly as frequently as he watched the films.
So, they were not accomplishing what I had agreed to do them for.
I told him I would not continue doing the films if he didnt turn them over to me so I could control how often we used them.
All right, lets get back to where we were.
Youve explained Johnson.
What about Blackton?
Hes married and works real hard at being respectable, and he could afford to pay.
Why would I do that, Matt?
What was in it for me?
Money?
Im smart enough to know that Tally would not live all that much longer. She took a drink, sat down, then stood up again.
Holy shit, you think I killed my husband.
That I faked the letter and gave it to Blackton to discover in his file to get me out from under the charge of murder. Her voice had risen as she said it.
She was angry.
You have to admit that could be the way it went down.
And pretty smart of me, only thing is, I didnt murder him.
You also had Two Dicks in your pocket.
Who?
Oh, excuse me.
Chief of Detectives, Captain Dickson.
Hes single.
I had no leverage over him.
Not unless he had gone all gaga over you.
Gaga?
Gaga?
Now theres a mature, intelligent word for a writer.
Dickson ran from even the idea of knowing you.
Hes ambitious.
If the department knew he was playing hide the weasel with a murder suspect, his career would have suffered some damage.
If you were in Dicksons shoes, you would have wanted your involvement with a suspect to be known?
Of course you wouldnt.
You would have done the same.
I went along with him when you brought me to have lunch with him.
You set me up for that didnt you?
Yes.
And Im not going to stop until I find out who murdered Garson.
And youve decided Im guilty.
Is that it?
No.
But youre back in the race.
But the charges against me were dismissed with prejudice.
Brad Fisher tells me that phrase means I cant be recharged.
As to the law, generally speaking, thats true.
However, the D.A.
could charge you again if he can get an appeals court to approve it.
But, if not, Im sure the media would love the story.
And thats your plan, Matt?
If you did it, and the D.A.
doesnt take it to the higher court, you bet Ill give it to the media, with the proof.
Its not much, but at least the world would know you as a murderer.
And if I didnt do it?
Then Ill be happy, and I promise you, whoever killed Garson will be sad.
How did you know about these tapes?
I had you followed.
Why?
After watching you and Dickson do your little dog and pony show for my benefit, it was obvious you two knew each other well.
Will you tell me how you knew?
At the restaurant, he pushed the artificial sweetener to you.
Thats it?
He pushed me sugar?
No.
Not sugar, the artificial stuff.
To do that he had to first move the sugar, he knew you used the artificial.
He even knew which of the phony ones you preferred.
He could have guessed.
No.
It was one of those things we do under our conscious level.
Seconds later, we arent even aware weve done it.
It was enough to follow you.
That led to the storage unit where I found the tapes.
Ill be getting over five million dollars.
We could enjoy a grand life together.
Thats tempting, my love.
You can really pedal a bicycle, but no.
Id tire of sleeping with one eye open.
So where do we go from here?
Whats next, Matt?
I got up to refill my coffee, stretch my leg and extend my back, both still sore from stopping a baseball bat.
I need to find out if any of the men in these tapes have been blackmailed.
If they have, the court, realizing you had cheated them on murder, will throw the book at you for blackmail.
Now, tell me about the audio tapes.
Whats the story on those?
Over the next hour she told me about how she would get Garson liquored up and talking about his weapons deals.
I found this pretty easy to accept, for I knew from my own experience this woman had a knack for getting men to talk.
From the few tapes I listened to, I knew she had it all: names, dates, payoffs, government officials, weapons.
Whatever Tally had said, she had on those audio tapes.
In the beginning, she said, I just found it interesting, spooky almost.
But the more I listened, the more I thought I might need them someday.
If Tally ever tried to toss me aside like he did Chantal after she raised his kids, Id use the audio tapes to threaten him back in line.
I was keeping our deal, and I would see to it that Tally was going to hold up his end.
Over time, she said, I realized how amazing his mind was.
Even at his advanced age, he remembered such detail without having kept any written records.
He had it all.
He even remembered the names of the ships that were used to transport the arms.
I decided that after he died, Id use the tapes to get a big time book deal exposing the illegal weapons trade.
Thatd stop that disgusting business, for a while anyway.
And youd make some good money.
Whats wrong with making some dough?
Id like the audio tapes back, Matt.
I dont care about the sex tapes.
I want the audio tapes on Tallys deals.
Not yet.
When?
When we know you didnt kill Garson, even then, Im not sure.
Hey, heres a deal.
Youre a writer.
You write the expos.
Itd be a whole new thing for you.
Fiction writer tells all.
Sales would be greater.
We could split the money.
This ones not about money, Clarice.
I just havent decided what Ill do with the audios.
What are you going to do with the films?
Return them probably.
Depends on whether or not Blackton or Dickson helped you rub out Garson.
Come on, Matt.
This is a sweetheart deal for both of us.
No thanks.
If you didnt kill Garson, youre entitled to your inheritance.
And Im entitled to my fees for the investigation.
And if you did murder your husband, somehow Ill see you get whatever punishment is possible in light of the courts ruling.
* Chapter 30 Chapter 30{{{1 # Chapter 30
I watched from my balcony as the sun slid away to bring morning to those who lived on the other side of the earth.
Only those who have done this, realize just how short a time it is between when the bright round globe appears to be sitting on the horizon, and when the sun completely disappears.
Ive never timed it, but it cant be more than three minutes.
After that, I went down and walked the hard sand near the edge of the water.
I love the gradations of the dying light, the pastels rather than one color or another.
It causes me to think of good and evil, it was all so easy when we were children.
The clarity of issues seen as black or white in our youth blur into so much gray as the years and the lessons from living pile on to confuse us.
It was time to chase away more of the gray around the death of Garson Talmadge, and drill down to find the black and white of it.
* * *
Matthew Kile, I said to the same desk sergeant who had been up front when I had come to the department to see Fidge at the start of this case.
Im here to see Captain Dickson.
The desk sergeant picked up the phone.
Turned his back for a minute, and then came back to me.
Hes in his office, Mr. Kile.
He said you knew the way. I nodded and turned toward the stairs.
Hello, Matt, Dickson said from his doorway, the knob in his hand.
Captain, I said, trying to hide the confusion I felt over his treating me like an earthling.
I didnt know what had brought about this change in him.
My latest book had made one of the top ten lists after my earlier books had languished among the top twenty-five.
Maybe this new stature meant hed want a picture of us to add to his wall of fame.
Or, Clarice might have called to tell him about him starring in one of her homemaker porno specials.
And that I had the film.
Come in.
Sit down. I did.
What can I do for you?
Are you still poking around trying to find who murdered Garson Talmadge?
Did Clarice Talmadge call you yesterday or this morning?
No. He said it straightaway.
Like an easy, honest answer, or like a man knowledgeable about how to say it that way.
Why would she?
Look.
Im not here to pick a fight about anything, but, well, I know about the two of you.
About your affair.
What makes you think Im involved with this woman?
I threw a group of video tapes of him and Clarice onto his desk, bound together by one of those industrial strength, super fat rubber bands.
These.
He picked it up and looked at me.
Then it registered.
Are these what I think they are?
His manner, well, you cant fake it.
Well, you could, but youd have to be better at it than I figured Two Dicks could be.
You betcha, I said.
There are no copies.
I had thought they meant you helped Clarice do in Garson.
But it doesnt figure so Im returning them.
Why did she do this?
I mean, yeah, we did the deed a few times, but it has been quite a few months since the last time.
Garson liked to watch them.
Lets call it medicinal.
And, you werent the only leading man in her film career. I got up.
Two Dicks got up.
Do you think she really did kill her husband?
Wouldnt that beat all, I mean with the D.A.
dropping and the court setting her free.
No.
I still dont think she was the shooter, but with less conviction than I felt when she was arrested.
Why are you giving these to me?
I mean thank you, but why?
Think of it as a gift from a fellow single man who understands just how confusing the world of romance has become.
By the way, its a mess for the ladies, too.
I walked out and headed for the stairway.
Just so you wont think Im totally foolish, I kept the tape on which Captain Two Dicks gave his most inspired performance.
If it turned out he did help Clarice murder Garson, Ill turn that one over to the chief of police.
Right after I make enough copies to pass around the department, anonymously of course.
* * *
After I had driven a few blocks, Susan called.
Have you made any more progress on finding out who murdered Papa?
No.
For now Im just letting it marinate in my mind.
Like in my writing, sometimes when Im at a point where it just isnt coming together, if I leave it alone for a few hours or days, when I go back the pieces tend to fall into place.
How are you?
Not good.
I havent heard from Charlie in two days.
Ive gone by his place several times.
Actually, I drove through his parking lot.
His cars never there and he doesnt answer his cell phone.
Im worried.
I have a key to his place.
I want to go in and wait, and I dont want to be alone to do it. We agreed wed meet there.
It would be quicker.
* * *
Susan and I found Charles at home.
He opened the door and stepped back, his stride unsteady.
He could have been on drugs, but when we got closer it was clear he had been drinking heavily.
He didnt look good, and the bad involved more than just the booze.
Susan offered to scramble him some eggs and make toast, but he said no.
Let me make some coffee, she said.
You could use a cup couldnt you, Matt?
That would be nice. I said, feeling Susan was the best person to carry the conversation, at least for now.
None for me, sis. Charles walked over to the end table and picked up a partially filled glass sitting next to a bottle of tequila.
The bottle had less in it than the amount he had poured into his glass.
What are you doing here, Kile?
You were employed to help Papas ex.
Shes free now.
Thanks to you, she got away with murder.
Your job is done.
Clarice didnt kill Papa, Susan said.
Give her a break.
Shes really not such a bad sort.
And lighten up on Matt.
Ah, come on, Sis.
Clarice wasnt our mother, not even close.
The only mother we really ever knew, Papa left in France.
Shes dead now.
Im sure Kile has told you that.
Papa left her behind like she had been a one-night stand, a twenty-year-long one-night stand.
Once she took care of raising us so he wouldnt have to, he left her high and dry.
Abandoned is more like it.
He was a real prick, you know?
No two ways about it, a real prick.
Im glad hes dead.
Damn it, Charlie.
Weve talked about this before.
Papa wasnt the best man ever, nobodys saying he was, but he loved us.
In his own way he did.
Really, he did.
While they talked family stuff, I eased my way out onto the balcony.
Ive always found it fascinating how different people sound when you hear them without seeing them.
How the emotions and inflections in their voices stand out when there are no visual distractions.
If you believe that, sis, youre a bigger fool than I think you are.
He took us in and kept us only as a favor to one of his buddies.
Then, being stuck with us, he used Mother Chantal to raise us.
Later, as we grew, he used us as hired help.
Oh, sure, he paid us well, but thats all we were, hired help.
He was scum.
He loved you, Charlie.
And I love you.
You and I are the only real family either of us has, that we know about.
Charles huffed before mumbling something indecipherable.
I stepped into the door, but stayed on the balcony.
Sure you got a bad turn, but dont forget that without that arrangement, you and Susan would have been killed as infants.
Papa didnt step in to save us.
For all he cared, Hussein could have smashed our heads against a rock and thrown us in an unmarked grave.
Everyone knows there were plenty of those in Iraq.
It was the Frenchman who didnt want us killed.
He paid Papa to protect his own conscience.
And Papa took us for money and raised us to make the Frenchman beholding to him.
It was about business, not family.
We all have some kind of baggage, I said.
Life is not about whether we have it, or what it is, but how we carry it.
This stuff is all your fathers shortcomings, not Susans and not yours.
Its time to get on with your life. I then faded back into the darker balcony.
Thats right, Charlie, Susan said, Matts right about that.
I love you, Bro.
Oh, sis, if you only knew.
What if I told you that when Papa called me that night he said he was dumping us from his will, leaving all the money to his bimbo wife?
What if I told you that?
Are you telling me that?
Listening to them from beyond the doorway, I realized the voice from the parking garage, the one that left early, had been Charles.
He had set up the beating.
He had deepened his voice, but listening now without seeing him, I could tell.
The proof came when I inadvertently slid my hand into my jacket pocket.
I felt a piece of paper and opened it from curiosity to find the cell phone statement I had taken from Charles the first time I visited him in his apartment.
There it was, right in front of me.
I had been carrying the answer around in my pocket.
The statement showed his cell phone number to be the one I had found in the list of recent calls in the bikers cell phone.
The number the biker had called twice the day I was beaten.
The phone number assigned to Charles Talmadge.
At that moment, all the remaining pieces rushed into place.
Yeah, Im telling ya that, Charles was saying to answer Susan when I again focused on listening to the two of them.
Papa called me to say he was dropping us and leaving our money to her. Then Charles took a few steps toward me on the balcony.
Even you didnt know that part, Kile.
I spoke through the doorway.
Thats not exactly the way it happened, is it Charles?
What do you mean by that crack?
I meant just what I said.
Your father didnt call to get your advice about dropping Clarice from his will, and he didnt call to tell you he was dropping you and your sister.
Did he?
I dont know what youre talking about, Kile.
Your father never called you for advice or to talk over decisions he was considering.
He went to Susan, not you.
He would have called Susan to see what she thought about dropping Clarice from the will.
He wouldnt have asked sis.
He knew she would tell him that wasnt the right thing to do.
I love you, sis, but youre soft.
Papa wouldnt have talked to you about that.
Charles, Garson wouldnt have dropped Susan.
Garson loved your sister and respected her opinions.
Whenever he got around to you, it was only to tell you what decision he had made.
So what?
Papa mostly liked the way sis talked him through things.
But this time he decided on his own.
Like I told you, sis would have tried to talk him out of it.
You always got left in the corner when the time came to make decisions, didnt you?
Are you trying to make me out to be jealous of my sisters relationship with Papa?
Werent you?
Maybe a little, but that was Papas fault, not siss.
I had the ball now, and I kept running toward the end zone.
So, lets get back to when Garson called you the night he died.
I agree, he called you because he had made a decision.
What did he really tell you that night?
That he was cutting Clarice down to their prenup.
Just like Ive been saying.
Thats not what you just told Susan.
I lied to Susan.
Remember, I said, what if I told you. I said it like that.
Okay.
Let that go for now.
Garsons letter, found at his attorneys office, contradicts what youre saying now.
Okay, Kile, youre the smart guy, at least in your own mind.
What do you think happened?
I think Garson called to tell you he was cutting you out.
Only you!
He was leaving it all to Clarice and Susan.
I could see him doing that.
His face went white.
Charles Talmadge just stood there.
Still, as if I had reached out and slapped him, hard.
I had played around with the thought that Garson had decided to leave it all to the women in his life, and nothing to the son he saw as a disappointment.
Now I was certain.
Charless entire body slumped as if he were an inflatable that had sprung a leak.
The truth had been spoken.
It was out.
And in all his drunken confusion, the look on his face was one of relief.
Oh, my God, Susan said.
Its true, isnt it, Charlie? Her brother said nothing.
Susan stepped in close to her brother, and she slapped him for real.
And she stayed right there.
Right in his face and stared.
Then she repeated her question.
Its true, isnt it, Charlie?
You lied to me and lied to the cops.
Your lie could have helped convict Clarice.
Put her in prison.
Yes, its true.
That son of a bitch was cutting me loose.
He was a cold, heartless man to the end.
As for Clarice, she wasnt entitled to his money.
We were.
I lied for both of us.
So, what did you do after that? I asked, leaning back against the balcony railing.
You stewed a while in your own juices, didnt you?
Then you went over there, didnt you?
You went over to confront him, didnt you?
You were determined not to let him bully you again.
You used your key and went in, didnt you?
Clarice was down at my place.
You two argued, didnt you?
You both got mad, didnt you?
He told you something like not only was he cutting you out of his will, but that he never wanted to see you again.
Your papa was throwing you out like yesterdays garbage.
It was a hard message, and I had delivered it as cruelly as I could.
You need to get a person real angry if you want them to spill their own beans.
Then I added the final blow.
The only compassionate part being that your papa didnt call you any names.
I figured Garson had, and so my saying it this way was turning the knife.
Charles stood there.
His arms limp at his sides.
The air drained from his bravado.
Oh, you think not.
He called me every vile thing he could think of. His spoke in a low voice, barely a whisper.
He told me I was soft, that I was of no use to him, that I was a failure as an enforcer.
That I couldnt handle a really tough man  Well, he thought he was a really tough man, and I showed him.
Charlie?
You didnt? Susan couldnt even finish her question, but she didnt need to.
She knew the answer.
Her brother had killed papa.
He had it coming. Charles was talking now, looking for that validation that all guilty people one day look for.
You always loved him, he said, again facing his sister.
He treated you with respect.
He listened to you.
He sought your advice.
Since we came to America, he made few decisions without consulting you.
Charles had lived through a hard upbringing, but I had no good feelings for the guy.
He had wallowed in the mistreatment, letting it rot him from the inside.
Maybe I felt a little pity, but damn little.
Life is choices and Charles had chosen to stay where he shouldnt.
When his hopes for future riches were yanked away, he boiled over for lack of more precise description.
We had picked the scab off Charless hurt, and he wasnt through letting it bleed.
I switched to sounding understanding.
But you were still there for him, helping him with his weapons deals, I said.
That should have counted.
It should have counted, but it didnt.
While I was helping, Susan kept trying to get him to stop.
Telling him he had plenty of money.
And eventually he did stop.
Only after America invaded Iraq, I said.
After that, Charles said, Susan kept pushing Papa to give me money to go to college and get a profession.
Make your way without Papa, she kept saying.
Did you?
I didnt need a profession.
Papa would die eventually, and then wed be set, Susan and me.
But your sister went to law school.
Thats what I wanted you to do too, Charlie.
Not necessarily law school.
Whatever you wanted, but have something of your own, so you could be self- reliant.
So you graduated.
Big deal.
You did nothing with it, so what good did it do you?
Right, Kile?
What good did her damn law degree do for her anyway?
She got a good job and started a worthwhile career.
Oh? Charles said in a mocking tone.
I didnt know you needed a law degree to give lap dances.
That was part of her front.
I was speaking of her career with the FBI. It was a guess somewhat based on Clarice having followed Susan until she lost track of her up near the FBI office in Los Angeles.
Not far from where Susan had gone to law school.
It takes years to get through law school, and only those who really want it make it through.
I had checked Susan had graduated with honors.
Susan came close and put her hand on my arm.
How did you know about the FBI, Matt?
Its a long story.
For now, lets just say it was a guess.
I didnt want to go into it with Charles standing there, but it was all part of the best explanations of a few points.
Why was the FBI so interested in Garson Talmadge?
He was still doing an occasional weapons deal.
Why did Charles make various trips to Europe?
He was the liaison between Garson and his cohorts in Europe.
How did the FBI learn I was going to France?
I told Susan, she likely told Charles, but he wouldnt have contact with the FBI.
The only others that knew were Brad Fisher and Clarice, and it would not have been in their interest to report my going.
No other peg fit that hole.
Susan had to have told the FBI.
Well, sis, Charlie said accusatorially, so you, too, struck back at Papa.
But you killed him, she screamed.
Then after standing still for a minute with her eyes closed, she tried to explain it to her brother.
I read about the American FBI when I was a girl and knew thats what I wanted to be.
When Papa decided to bring us to America, I started believing it might be possible.
Its why I went to law school.
I hated the weapons deals, the corruption and violence.
I wanted it all stopped, not just Papas deals, although by then Papa had cut way back.
The FBI was working with the French authorities.
I made the Bureau realize, given my role in those deals, what I knew was rather limited.
I didnt know enough about the violent part of it and the inner workings, the higher ups.
I just about had the Bureau convinced they should put you and Papa in the witness protection program.
Papa could identify the ones at the top of it all.
After that, you and Papa could both leave it all behind you.
You could live like a law-abiding citizen, and Papa would have a clean finish for his life.
But you ruined all that, for yourself as well as for Papa.
Alone, you didnt know enough to warrant the Bureau offering you the program, but I was still trying to make it happen.
Charles seemed unaffected by what he had just heard.
I had that money coming, sis.
We both did.
We earned it.
And we would have gotten it.
Everything would have worked just fine if it hadnt been for this bastard.
Charles lunged at me with his arms out, his hands against my chest.
In reaction, I spun fast to one side and brought my arm up strongly into his armpit.
Unsteady from drinking, his unspent forward motion along with my leverage under his arm carried him over the balcony rail.
Susan rushed to the edge.
We looked down.
Charles had hit the decking just short of the pool.
He lay still.
From the eighth floor, he would lay still.
I held Susan.
Her face pressed against my shirt, her tears blotting on the fabric.
Charles Talmadge hadnt been a strong man, not in any way that mattered.
His papa had handed him more baggage than he was able to carry.
Garson Talmadge could be summed up as a cruel man in a disgusting business.
He had no friends, no true family, and the romantics would say no heart.
The only woman who ever really loved him lived in an urn on a mantel in her sisters modest Paris apartment.
The sister who wanted more than anything to one day spit on the grave of that worthless man.
I decided right then I would fly Camille over here so she could do just that.
She had never seen America and her spitting on Garsons grave seemed the most fitting way to say: the end.
* Epilogue Epilogue{{{1 # Epilogue
Camille did spit on Garsons grave, twice actually.
She also rekindled her relationship with Susan Talmadge, her niece in a way.
The two of them felt that bond, and that was all that mattered.
Susan and Clarice continued to get along, although they never really were at odds except when Charles skullduggery caused Susan to think Clarice had murdered her papa.
Two weeks later, the FBI reassigned Susan to their New York office where she would work in a major unit formed to combat illegal weapons deals.
She took along the audio tapes Clarice had made of Garson telling the details of his long and inglorious career in that illicit trade.
When Clarice learned of Susans FBI career and why she had gone to law school, Clarice agreed to turn the audio tapes over to Susan and the FBI.
Clarice would make no money in a splashy book deal.
Instead, the information on those tapes would be secretly used by Susans task force to build a case against those in French industry and government who had conspired to sell the weapons.
The assignment to New York was just what Susan needed.
She welcomed the change of scenery.
She was strong and a solid thinker, but in the short run, a new locale would ease her emotional healing.
We promised to stay in touch, and she invited me to visit her there whenever I wanted.
I could do a lot of book signings in the New York area.
From the time we spent together the last two weeks before she left, I knew I wanted to go and that I would be treated well while visiting.
Susan was quite a woman given what she had been through.
My lust for her was equaled by my admiration for her.
Clarice was an enigma.
Its so hard sometimes to figure out which people are wearing the good-guy white hats and which are wearing the black, bad-guy hats.
Clarice, for one, clearly wore a gray hat.
I, for one, still liked her.
As for me, I went back to writing about such things rather than trying to live through them.
Before she left for New York, Susan said, Well be a couple thousand miles apart so we need to be practical.
Ill be seeing other men in New York, so why shouldnt you see other women here?
Besides, Clarice and I are not blood relatives. I decided if they saw no problem with it, why should I.
I also hoped to see a bit more of my ex-wife.
The few hours I occasionally spent with my ex and our daughters were still my whipped cream and cherry.
I also went before the parole board and made a formal offer of employment for my ex-cellmate, Axel.
The parole board implied that he could be out soon.
I was looking forward to helping Axel adjust to life on the outside.* Chapter 1 Chapter 1{{{1 # Chapter 1
I believe thats your phone, dear, the womans husband said.
She stopped walking and fished her cell from the pocket of her windbreaker.
Hello, Mrs. Yarbrough, said a voice into her ear.
I see you are enjoying your first early evening walk on the beach with your new puppy.
How lovely.
Have you and Mr. Yarbrough named the pooch?
Who is this?
It doesnt matter.
What matters is that you stay on the line after what is about to happen.
What are you talking about? Mrs. Yarbrough demands, Who are you?
Right then the leash Mrs. Yarbrough held went limp, her white poodle falling to the sand.
Robbie, what happened?
Snookie is, I dont know, shes just  down. Mrs. Yarbrough held her cell phone as if she no longer knew she had it in her hand.
Robert, her husband, bent down.
His knees displaced the sand next to Snookie.
Shes dead, Mel.
I think Snookies been shot.
Melanie Yarbrough began bouncing on her toes, frantically waving her hands.
She dropped her phone onto the beach, bent down to Snookie and began to cry.
She went to her husband; he held her.
Several minutes later, Robert Yarbrough picked up his wifes cell phone, shook off the sand, and started to close the top when he heard a loud voice.
He held the phone to his ear.
Hello?
Ive been waiting.
Sorry about Snookie.
It was necessary.
You should know I took no pleasure in it.
Did you do this? Mr. Yarbrough asked.
Who the hell are you?
To your left, near the partially burnt log, Ive left a box for you to use to take Snookie home.
Its the right size.
The inside has a soft new towel.
It should do nicely.
You shot Snookie?
Why?
Take Snookie home and bury her in your yard.
You will hear from me.
In the meantime, be glad you were not walking your newest grandson, Bobby, named after you, I presume.
Your wife sometimes walks the little tike on a leash just as she walked Snookie today.
I will know if you say anything about this, to anyone.
If you do, Bobby Junior will be my next target.
But what do you want?
Why us?
All that will be made clear.
Do not fret needlessly.
There will be no more violence if you do as youre told.
What will be required of you will not be difficult.
It will not cost you any money.
And it will be painless, if you follow orders.
Well talk soon.
The phone went dead.
Eleven Years Later:
* Chapter 2 Chapter 2{{{1 # Chapter 2
Dont forget, boss, we got a ten oclock appointment.
Its eight now. Axel handed me the morning paper, and put down a tray holding a glass of fresh- squeezed orange juice, a carafe of coffee, two cups, and a small plate of buttered English muffin.
It was pleasant enough sitting on the balcony, a little chilly but thats why they made robes.
Axel had been working for me only a couple of weeks, but wed known each other for years in a very different setting.
We were cellmates during my four years in state prison.
I looked up.
Isnt that my shirt youre wearing?
Yeah.
And my belt, why are you wearing my belt?
You wouldnt want your pants to fall down, would you, boss?
No, of course I wouldnt.
And before you set up any more of these appointments, let me remind you I write mysteries.
I dont handle cases in real life.
You was a homicide dick and a good one from what I hear.
And you got yourself a PI license.
I wanted to prove I could get the license after the governor pardoned me.
I write murder mysteries.
Arent you cold out here, boss? Axel wrapped his arms around himself, gripping his biceps.
You wanna go inside?
Its a little nippy, but Ill stick for a while.
I do wish they made robes in various lengths.
No reason they cant. Id been six-two since the eleventh grade but over the years robes kept getting shorter.
Axel had been inside close to forty years, during which he became as sweet a senior citizen as youll ever know.
Forty-one years ago, a half-million dollar payroll had been taken by a lone gunman, without violence.
The jury had found Axel guilty.
Axel had never changed his claim of innocence, but he had sometimes winked at me when the subject came up.
The fact they had never found the money is likely why they held onto Axel over the years, while letting out younger hard asses because of the overpopulation of prisons.
For his last five years he had been an administrative assistant for the warden, doing a lot of his online research.
Axel could no longer drive a car, but he was a whiz on computers.
I did what I could to grease the wheels.
I helped Axels parole along with the promise of a job.
In these first few weeks, his duties included trips to the dry cleaners and doing the home laundry and keeping the place clean.
Axel always kept our cell neat, and he carried that forward to caring for my condo.
I had to go with him to shop for groceries because Axel wasnt up to speed on driving anymore.
He planned to take care of that but hadnt as yet.
As you can see, his job description lacked clarity, it would evolve or so we imagined.
Unfortunately, we wore clothes similar enough in size for Axel was an even six feet.
For each wearing, he had hand-altered my slacks by rolling up the pant legs.
He also adjusted for our different waist measurements.
I wear size thirty-eight.
Im guessing his at thirty-six, maybe thirty-four because he had my belt two notches tighter, which meant there would now be his-and-mine cinch marks in the leather.
Boss, you remember that movie where Jack Nicholsons character said, never waste a boner and never trust a fart. Well, that man was a prophet. Then Axel rushed inside.
The Bucket List was a wonderful movie, but I didnt like him quoting that line while he was wearing my slacks.
I settled back and looked at the newspaper with an eye out for Axels return.
A few minutes later, Axel came back out.
I felt some relief from his still wearing the same pair of my pants.
He ran his hand across his mostly hairless head, and then wiped that hand on the backside of my pants.
You helped save Clarice Talmadge, he said, as if he had never left the conversation.
I kept up with that story before you got me sprung.
I looked over at a gull circling past the balcony just off the railing.
I didnt get you sprung.
The parole board was about to release you anyway.
Youd been in long enough.
I just tossed a job offer in the mix.
Thats all.
Thats what tipped the scales. Axel looked over at the gull that squawked while making its third pass.
Axel was sort of like a friend you took under your wing after he had spent thirty to forty years in a coma.
I knew why the gulls, there were three now, were squawking.
Axel sometimes threw pieces of bread out over the rail and, with me out here, he hadnt this morning.
Feeding the birds was against building policy.
Id have to speak to him about it, but for now I couldnt refuse him the kind of small pleasures he had been denied for decades.
You got out because you were no longer a threat to society, maybe to my wardrobe, but not to society.
Well, that dont change the brilliant way you saved Clarice Talmadges ass and, from what Ive seen in the hallway, Im glad you did, although from what I hear the womans not the swiftest card in the deck.
Now where did you hear that?
From Clara Birnbaum down on my floor, the former school teacher, she says Clarice spells Cincinnati with an s.
Thats Clara.
Shes a good lady but shes jealous of Clarice.
Anyway, the point is you helped her with her case.
So, you still dig investigating stuff.
That was different.
Clarice was a neighbor and a friend accused of killing her husband, Garson Talmadge.
I handled the investigation for her defense attorney.
This casell be different too, boss, he said while picking up the coffee carafe.
How many times do I need to tell you to stop calling me boss?
Its not necessary.
Seems right to me, after all I work for you.
You cant call me Matt, but you can wear my pants? I held up my empty cup.
Now you got it, boss. He filled my cup with a smirk on his face.
The appointment, fill me in.
Axel took a seat and poured himself a little coffee.
Not much yet to tell.
This guy, Franklins his name, Reginald Franklin III, hows that for a handle, hes an attorney with a client who needs your help.
He freely admitted his client specified Matthew Kile as the investigator he wanted.
Admitting that up front told me he aint shopping the job, so moneys not an issue.
I told him it would be a grand for this morning, just to talk and see if youll handle the case.
He understands that moneys gone whether or not you join up.
He didnt quibble.
Hes bringing the check.
I expected Axel would be around during the Franklin meeting.
Axel didnt really have a set schedule.
If I needed him, I told him and hed be there.
Otherwise, he came and went as he pleased and when he wasnt around I fended for myself.
Like I said, his duties were evolving.
I think Axel saw himself as my Kato or Dr. Watson or some such character.
If I had my choice, Id prefer him to be Archie Goodwin, the able assistant of Nero Wolfe, but then I would fail in comparison to Wolfe.
My waistline was likely only half of Wolfes girth, not to mention my falling well short of his genius.
So what do you have going today? I asked.
After our meeting with Franklin, Ive got a few close-by errands then Ill hoof it over and have lunch with the fellas at Mackies.
Dont worry, boss, Franklin wont know Im around unless you call for me.
You think Franklin could be the real client?
No way, hes fronting for someone.
I could tell by his voice.
He wasnt uptight.
He did tell me it was some old case the cops have tossed aside.
The dudes a smoker, so get him out on the balcony if he tries to light up.
A pipe, I think.
I could hear him inhale and bite down on the stem the way pipers do.
After all those years in the big house, as Axel still called prison, he had mastered reading the tone and pace of peoples voices.
He can read body language or faces, cons or bulls.
All the old timers could do it, at least the ones with an ample helping of brains and judgment.
The odds say I wont take this new case.
Why not?
Youve about done up the book you was working on.
And, hey, a grands nothing to sneeze at.
You know?
* Chapter 3 Chapter 3{{{1 # Chapter 3
It was the fourth of December, three weeks before Christmas to the day, when I parked my new Ford Expedition in the turnaround in front of the home of General Whittaker, the client of the attorney, Reginald Franklin III.
The generals home, an elegant place with a second floor, looked to be about six thousand square feet, sat on a small cliff south of Long Beach, California, which backed up to the Pacific Ocean.
The door was opened by a man approximately fifty-five years of age.
He appeared to be house staff.
He wore a white shirt with a starched collar, the rest of his dress being black.
He was a stout man, but not fat.
Yet his pants were hitched up closer to his neck than his navel.
His ears reached out from his head like they were expected to catch fly balls rather than words.
He looked me up and down without disclosing the impression he gleaned from having done so.
Good evening, Mr. Kile.
Youre expected. Seeing my surprise at being recognized, he added, Your picture is on the dust covers of your books.
My name is Charles, Mr. Kile.
Few people called them dust covers any longer so Charles was a reader and, apparently, one not yet converted to reading eBooks.
Please follow me. Charles was an average sized man.
He looked fit and confident in his ability to do his job.
He led me into a wide junction in the hallway, next to a wonderfully decorated Christmas tree, tall enough to grace both the ground floor and the second story which was open overhead.
Please wait here, Mr. Kile, while I let the general know youve arrived. Some slight noise or movement caused me to step beyond the tree and look up the stairwell to my left.
From the balcony, a nubile brunette wearing a black something that aggressively fell within the category of lingerie, said, You must be Mr. Kile. It wasnt a question.
Not the way she said it.
I smiled and nodded.
One of the principles I live by is that seeing a woman in skimpy lingerie meant, at the very least, the relationship automatically advanced to a first name basis.
I said, Call me, Matt. We exchanged smiles, only they werent equal.
Hers was framed in red and had a gloss that reflected the top light on the Christmas tree.
Well, Matt, she said, Charles sat a tray on the side table when he went to answer the door.
Would you be a sweetheart and finish bringing it up? She added, Please, while leaning her forearms on the banister, her brown hair sliding around her shoulders.
At least I assumed her forearms were on the banister.
I wanted to be a good sweetheart so I picked up the tray which held one glass and a decanter of something you and I would guess was alcoholic and started up the stairs.
This is a lovely home, I said after advancing a short distance.
Yes it is.
During the generals career, toward the end when he was a member of the joint chiefs, this home entertained two U.S. presidents and one pope.
With you wearing a much different outfit, Im sure.
I was living with my mother then, and a little young during those years to wear something like this. She stood straight, bust out, and turned slowly to be certain I understood the full meaning of something like this.
I actually preferred her enhancing the banister, but if that sounded like a complaint, you know it lacked substance.
I had come not expecting to see anyone more attractive than a long-retired general.
I was ten steps from her when Charles silently arrived beside me and took the tray.
I stopped, wishing that Charles had waited for me at the bottom of the stairs.
The General will see you now, Mr. Kile.
Please follow me back downstairs to the study.
As we turned, she revealed her red, patent leather heels by coming down the stairs far enough to take the tray.
She was old enough to realize that platform heels and skimpy lingerie went together like me and a warm feeling.
Had I worn a hat, modesty would have required I hold it in front of myself as she came closer.
She glanced down briefly then looked into my eyes.
We exchanged one of those smiles that meant the kinds of things that smilers in such situations are never sure about.
Then I switched my attention so as not to ruin her first impression by tripping and rolling down the stairs.
Her voice oozed over my shoulder.
I hope we can continue getting acquainted some other time. I held the railing and turned to see her again displayed on the banister.
Id like that, I said.
Then I followed Charles down the stairs.
Well, I did after wishing I might one day be reincarnated as a banister, but not just any banister, her banister.
Matt. I turned back and looked up at her.
Ditch the tie.
You can do better. Then she turned her head, tossing her brown hair across her shoulders, and retreated into a room with double doors directly behind where she had stood.
Charles, who was the lady?
Karen Whittaker, sir, the generals daughter.
Shes thirty-five, in case youre curious about that.
The general was a late-season poppa. His tone did not disclose disapproval, but I did detect a slight shake of his head.
Why, Charles, I understood it was bad form to speak of a womans age.
Yes, sir.
But not Karen.
Shes proud of being thirty-five and looking twenty- five.
She works at it.
Hard. We shared those brief looks that men share.
Id explain, but the guys would kick me out of the club because they know women read my books.
* * *
General Whittaker rose from his chair, slowly, but agile for his age.
His body looked slender compared to the pictures Id seen of him in his robust years, yet he still had a military bearing.
A burgundy colored jacket, not exactly a smoking jacket, but not a sport coat either, covered a long-sleeved khaki shirt.
The jacket had been tailored to expose a matching measure of shirt cuff on each of his arms which were thin enough that the garment hung as cleanly as it would on a store mannequin.
He was well dressed and neat except for a crop of white hair freely growing from his ears.
His wrists were frail.
The skin on the backs of his hands, mottled.
Still, his handshake remained mildly firm, yet cool to the touch.
Mr.
Kile, he said, as you stated in one of your books, I like people better than principles, and people without principles best of all.
From what Ive learned, you should be one of my favorites.
And I like your tie, but you didnt need to wear one on my account.
So far I had learned that my ties were a matter that could divide families.
I agreed with the general, I liked the tie, but I doubted I would ever wear it again.
Women who show cleavage dont fully realize the power they possess over mortal men, and please dont tell em.
Are you married, Mr. Kile?
Once.
Divorced?
I nodded without hiding my irritation at his questions.
Too bad.
My ex-wife would disagree with you.
Kids?
With due respect, General, thats enough of that.
This isnt a lonely hearts meeting.
He smiled.
His face revealed that he did not often smile.
Before we get started I want to return the check your attorney, Mr. Franklin, gave me yesterday. I put it on his desk.
I cant help you with your case.
He left the check lying there and flicked his wrist a few times as if shooing a fly.
I took this as an invitation to sit down; I did.
After looking at his pocket watch, likely the one the articles reported he had carried since his youth, he said, You are on time; I like that, sir.
His study was as elegant as the rest of the house, though decidedly more masculine.
A massive mahogany desk sat between us, a wall of glass behind him showing off the Pacific Ocean as if it flowed simply to grace his home.
The moon glazing the night fog sitting on the horizon gave the sheen of a protective coating.
The way the sky looked, we might have another hour of good visibility, depending on the wind.
The light in the study had been designed to be soft and indirect.
According to the daily column in the newspaper that announces the ages of people they figure the rest of us care to know, the general was eighty-seven.
One of the articles on him that I read before coming said he suffered from chronic uveitis, an inflammation of the eye.
The condition could explain the subdued lighting.
The sidewall of the generals study closest to his desk was mostly bookcases, with some wall area left for photos from his career, the wall on the other side busy with more photos and plaques.
One four-shelf bookcase held only VCR tapes.
He noticed my looking and said, Family events mostly, Ive had the older ones originally in film converted.
I wish I had done more of that.
My early family life is mostly in still pictures, but Ive got a ton of those.
Mr.
Kile, if you wont help me, why in tarnation did you come?
Youre a great American, General Whitaker.
It would be disrespectful not to tell you in person.
Call me General.
Everybody does, even my daughter.
As long as you were kind enough to come, before you leave please do me two favors. Not used to being opposed, he went on without waiting for my decision.
The first, you should find decidedly easy.
Drink an Irish on crushed ice with a lemon twist. He picked up a handheld bell and rang it.
Charles came through the door instantly with a pewter tray centered by a short frosted glass, apparently filled with the whiskey of my Irish ancestors.
The reports said the general could no longer drink himself, but enjoyed watching others imbibe.
If he liked them, he felt he was drinking with them.
If he didnt like them, well, they didnt get offered the drink in the first place.
The general gave the impression that being eccentric could be a lot of fun.
Of course you had to be somewhat wealthy to be eccentric.
If one is poor and unconventional in manner and deed, one is simply considered a bit nutty.
You said two things, General?
That I did.
While sipping your Irish, read this letter.
It is addressed to you.
You will notice it is not opened.
The letter is from one of my dearest friends, yours too, Mr. Barton Cowen.
I took the letter gingerly between two fingertips and held it for a moment, feeling like a mouse eyeing trapped cheese.
Barton Cowen was the father and husband of the family killed by the thug I shot dead on the courthouse steps to earn my four years inside with Axel.
Bart came to see me every week while he relentlessly inspired public opinion until the governors office granted my pardon.
Like the mouse, I could not turn from the trap.
When I finished reading Barts request that I help the general, I sat motionless, looking, I suspect, like an envelope without a name or address on its face.
But I knew I had no real choice.
General, tell me about the case.
The older I become, he said, the more impressed I am with what a man is, rather than what he seems.
And I like who you are.
Were it not for Mr. Cowen I would have spent three more years as a guest of the state before walking out an ex-con rather than a pardoned man.
But you knew that, General.
You knew I could not refuse you after reading this letter. I dropped it onto his desk.
What I knew, Mr. Kile  may I call you Matt?
Id prefer you did, General.
Please go on.
What I knew, Matt, was that you were intrigued.
Perhaps it was my reputation mixing with your curiosity.
Perhaps from the stories, you wished to learn if I would offer you a drink.
Then it may have simply been that you are divorced and hoped to meet my celebrated daughter.
Hmmmm.
And what does that mean?
It means, hmmmm.
But to revise and extend my remarks as you regularly heard members of congress say during your years on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, I had the pleasure of meeting your daughter on the way in.
She is a lovely woman.
Nicely said.
A man predisposed to be a fighting man learns to do so.
A woman predisposed to being a seductress hones her skills similarly.
Both arts designed to control the man before them.
My daughter is not an excessively promiscuous woman, but, like her mother, she enjoys men and is an unapologetic tease.
I recalled a quote from Count Tallyrand, _In order to avoid being called a flirt, she always yielded easily._
The tone in which the general spoke about his daughter suggested he was not stressed in the slightest by her choices or personality.
I also guessed he liked the style of woman she had grown to be, or so it seemed from his reference to her mother.
But, yes, he said, picking back up with what he had been saying before discussing his daughter.
I expected you would come.
From your history, I knew you felt a responsibility to set things right.
Tell me, Matt, what is your opinion on firing squads?
Well, general, they do get the job done.
Of course, there are no appeals so one must be certain of the guilt of the person put against the wall.
You were sure when you took out that crud on the courthouse steps, eleven years ago.
Yes, general.
I was.
He deserved it.
Now whether it did more good than harm I cant really say.
That disgusting fellow would have killed more people.
Destroyed more families.
What you did was the right thing, sir.
I do think that, general.
Yes, I do.
Still, it hurt those I love, confused their lives.
I didnt really think about that part of it when I should have.
Now dont backslide, Matt.
America has become much too soft.
We need more swift justice.
There is a certain discipline society surrendered when we gave up the immediate effectiveness of firing squads and public hangings.
As for my situation, I knew you were the right man when I read of your helping your houseman, Axel, get his parole.
Youre a smart, tough guy with a heart and thats exactly what I need.
What I need is another one of these. I held up my glass.
Then Id like enough details to determine if I can help.
I understand its an old case.
It has been said that mankind has seven deadly sins.
I have eight: curiosity.
The general rang the bell, and again Charles magically appeared with a tray balanced on his hand, the new glass as frosty as the first.
The generals troops had been trained and strategically positioned.
I had come to show respect to a famous retired general.
He had welcomed me similarly to how Sitting Bull had greeted General George Armstrong Custer into the Valley of the Big Horn.
I am no longer able to project my orders as I once could, he said, raising the bell, his smallest finger restraining the clapper.
I know this bell appears aristocratic, but it is, unfortunately, necessary.
Charles understands, dont you, Charles.
Charles nodded and then stood tall.
Will there be anything else, General?
Nothing, Charles.
As always, thank you for your attentiveness and efficiency.
Oh, there is something else.
Mr. Kile will be looking into that ugly matter some years back involving my grandson, Eddie.
His work will require that he learn a great deal about each of us and the goings on within this family.
You are to cooperate fully.
Answer his questions whatever they may be.
And run interference as necessary to gain him access to the individuals and firms that serve this family.
We shall trust Mr. Kiles discretion.
As you wish, General. A slight bow, then Charles closed the door to the study.
Charles seems able to read you mind, General?
He should.
Weve been together over thirty-five years.
Well, except for about five years, early on, when he pulled some special training and did several ops behind enemy lines for the DOD.
He soured on that work and returned to be my right hand.
Weve been together without separation for the past thirty, both in and out of service.
I respect his devotion.
Charles is also my friend and confidant.
I took the first sip of the fresh drink.
You were correct, he began, it is an old case.
Eleven years tomorrow to be exact.
Late that night, my grandson Eddies fiance, Ileana Corrigan, was murdered.
She was expecting my great grandson, a tragedy.
I doubt you recall the case; it happened during your first year in prison.
Tell me about Eddies parents.
Eddies father, Ben  Benjamin, my son, was forty-five when he was killed in Desert Storm.
That engagement did not kill many of our boys, but it did my son.
His mother, my wife Grace, died from breast cancer when Ben was twenty- four; that was in 70.
My grandson Eddie was born to Ben and his wife, Emily, in 79, so Eddie was twelve when his father was killed.
Emily never enjoyed motherhood.
After Ben died she wanted to leave.
I gave her some money, she signed what my attorneys required and Eddie came to live with me.
Truth was Eddie had been with me whenever Ben was overseas, which was about half the time.
Emily would take off until Ben came back, so I have largely raised Eddie with the help of Charles.
Im sorry for your difficulties, General.
Yes.
Well.
We all have our troubles.
But lets get back to the matter at hand.
Sergeant Matthew Fidgery was the homicide detective who handled the murder of Ileana Corrigan, my granddaughter-in-law to be.
I understand you and he are great pals.
General Whittaker had launched his attack against Fort Kile with a letter from the one man I could never fully repay, and then closed his entrapment with a reference to the case being one of Fidges unsolved.
In between he served Irish whiskey, and likely arranged for his daughter to extend her, what shall I say, enticing welcome to the family Whittaker.
I felt like the deer tied across the hood of a pickup truck.
And I didnt yet know jack about the case.
The general smiled.
If tonight had been a chess game, this would be the point where I leaned forward and tipped over my king.
But I had no king to tip over.
Instead, I illustrated my capitulation by leaning forward and picking up the check for the thousand dollars.
Like Axel had said, a grands nothing to sneeze at.
* About the Author About the Author{{{1 # About the Author
!
[tmp_3d6ab9cd3e359d02ad9731646fc9f49b_hqU7y1_html_7a5338de.jpg](tmp_3d6ab9cd3e359d02ad9731646fc9f49b_hqU7y1_html_7a5338de.jpg)
David Bishop enjoyed a varied career as an entrepreneur during which he wrote many technical articles for financial and legal journals, as well as a nonfiction business book published in three languages.
Eventually, he began using his abilities as an analyst to craft the twists and turns and salting of clues so essential to fine mystery writing.
David has several mystery and thriller stories available for your pleasure reading.
For more information on David and his other novels please visit his web site.
He would appreciate hearing your thoughts on this or any of his novels.
www.davidbishopbooks.com
david@davidbishopbooks.com
facebook.com/davidbishopbooks
twitter.com/davidbishop7